Stranded in Ontario, an alien named Phil takes to the bottle, befriends a talking beaver and finds Jesus in this far-out comedy. The high-profile lifestyle Phil adopts soon catches the attention of a special agent, who sets out to kill the alien.
With a rewarding job and a beautiful wife, David Dailey seems to have it all. Yet he has the uneasy feeling that something's not right, a suspicion that grows even stronger when he begins receiving anonymous notes and ominous warnings.
Graffiti artists Michael and Curtis are busted one night by the police. Facing jail time, the friends follow divergent paths: Michael decides to find a legal outlet for his talents, while Curtis spirals downward.
Mistaken for a spy by the KGB, a British archaeologist is sent to a Stalin-era Siberian labor camp, the most infamous of Russian prisons. Chronicling his efforts to survive harsh conditions, the film paints a bleak picture of the brutal prisons.
Determined to go out in style as he makes his last film, a veteran porn director hires a remarkably well-endowed actor and a supervixen to star in the most over-the-top skin flick ever made. But by the time the final orgy is being shot, chaos rules.
On the verge of a major arms deal, the two toughest gangs in Los Angeles find themselves trapped in an abandoned warehouse by a mob of bloodthirsty zombies. They have to work together with the cops to avoid being torn limb from limb and eaten alive.
In 1955, the Crispus Attucks Tigers of Indiana became the first all-black high school basketball team to win a state championship. A half century later, documentarian
This film follows the last 24 hours in the life of gangster Nick Hamilton, during which he makes the deal that leads to his murder and interacts with a lot of people with good reason to kill him.

Filmmaker
When recently widowed Elly Dinsmore hires ex-con Will Parker to help out on her farm, the situation proves healing for both. But just as they're settling into a new rhythm of life, Will falls under suspicion for murder.
After falling for Alicia, greedy and powerful Mexican landowner Carlos has her fianc
This documentary profiles
Leaving their humdrum Midwest hometown behind, best pals Matt and Eddie head for California in search of beaches and bikini babes, but find themselves stuck in the desert when they collide with a gorgeous gal named Tuesday.
Aging and twice divorced, lounge singer June Nordstrom tries to cope with her fading beauty, her troubled offspring, her waning career and her young lover, who begins seeing a woman his age behind June's back.
Oscar-winning director
Director
This installment of ESPN's documentary series spotlights
Rapper, director and actor
A poetic look at Soviet collectivism, this silent film masterpiece follows a group of impoverished Ukrainian farmers who band together to purchase a mighty tractor, clash with malicious landowners and mourn the death of a fellow countryman.
Profiling the University of Michigan's infamous "Fab Five," who made headlines -- and stirred controversy -- when they changed the climate of college basketball, this ESPN documentary gives four of the five players the chance to speak for themselves.
This sardonic comedy follows Eddie, a dour middle-aged Irish accountant, and Liz, a pregnant rebel, as they try to save Eddie's druggie son. Their journey across Ulster together reveals the fragile souls beneath their eccentric exteriors.
Cameron is a young journalist who has an interest in exposing the wrongs committed by the rich and powerful. His life turns upside down when someone starts murdering the people in his articles. All evidence points to Cameron, but is he guilty?
Shy widower Guy moves to a small community and joins the local theater group. Before long, Guy discovers the drama on stage is nothing compared to what happens behind the scenes: seduction, romance and jealousy as he emerges as the local Lothario.
Catherine goes to the police to confess she recently killed her husband's first wife, Stella. The police are skeptical, however, because Stella had been murdered over two years ago. In flashbacks, Catherine recounts the strange events that occurred.
A young doctor is suspected when a series of Jack the Ripper copycat killings are committed in contemporary Los Angeles. When the doctor himself is murdered, however, his identical twin brother comes forward and knows who the real killer is.
An ordinary young man, Ferdinand, is enthralled by a Rebecca, beautiful Irish harpist who has come to perform in his town. Overcome by Rebecca's charms, Ferdinand follows her and meets another fan who has much darker intentions.
Eric and Louise's honeymoon is disrupted by a stranger who claims he will perform a miracle. Meanwhile, Eric's brother and best friend are both experiencing trouble with their own relationships and want to warn him about challenges of marriage.
Filmmaker Jake watches his life go astray as he tries to balance the demands of directing his first film and his romance with a French model. Overwhelmed, Jake's romantic problems multiply while he goes about filming a music documentary.
Five gangsters who work for a kingpin named Leo think they could get more out of their criminal lifestyle if they could run the streets themselves. Tensions build as they plan a hit that could change all of their lives forever.
Several young Sydney urbanites are all trying to find their way out of the city over the course of one hot weekend. Each of the quirky strangers find their lives intertwined as they are thrown together under coincidental circumstances.
Once-successful soccer player Rod Turner spirals into drunken self-pity until he develops a friendship with an inspirational orphan and a beautiful singer. Learning from them what truly matters in life, Rod regroups and returns to form.
Staying at a secluded mountain cabin for a reunion, a group of former schoolmates try to figure out why one of their friends -- their hostess -- would invite them there and commit suicide. They are prompted to look into their friend's dark past.
Two detectives are assigned to solve a series of grisly murders of children. When their investigation leads to someone in their own squad room, the female detective edges toward a total breakdown as she loses faith in her fellow officers.
When a young man travels through Nova Scotia on motorcycle in search of his missing father, he stumbles upon a small farm run by a woman and her daughter. He signs on for a brief tour of duty and gets far more than he bargained for.
After his wife leaves him, a businessman with a compulsive gambling problem travels to Reno, Nev., for some gambling therapy -- which takes a turn when he picks up a psychotic serial killer posing as a hitchhiker.
Two Miami car mechanics borrow a luxury car for a night and impersonate federal officers to pick up girls, unaware that the vehicle contains classified documents. Their stunt sets off a hair-raising chase as they are hunted down by the government.
In this searing expos
A New York real estate investor finds himself caught between reality and a dark supernatural world where he interacts with dead people stuck in limbo for the heinous actions committed during their lives.
Documentarian
This gripping documentary tells the story of Ben Wilson, a good-natured and beloved teenage basketball phenom from Chicago's South Side whose life was tragically cut short by violence in November 1984.
Each with challenges of their own, four teens must grow up fast in order to survive. Despite the chaos, love blossoms, shining light into their seemingly dark world. The events that take place over a summer will change them and bond them forever.
Neofascist politician Pharaoh Mann clears the streets of undesirables, confining them to a ghetto called Dreamland. But when Mann's adopted son discovers that his real parents are imprisoned refugees, he attempts to help them escape.
The oldest of three children, Fanny has long been a source of strain and resentment within her family. When the three siblings are forced by their powerful mother to reunite for a holiday dinner, everyone's worst fears are realized.
The Boston underworld is about to cave in. The best have gone to jail, leaving only the dumb and amateur criminals to clash over shrinking turf. As time runs out, attention turns to the biggest horse race of the year, which everyone knows is rigged.
This contemporary reinterpretation of Sherwood Anderson's novel Winesburg, Ohio, tells the story of lost and lonely souls taken to a Chicago Heights boardinghouse, where they struggle with their personal demons.

In 2010, Sotheby's auctioned James Naismith's original rules of basketball. This documentary follows one man's fanatical quest to win this seminal American artifact at auction and bring it to Lawrence, Kan., where Naismith coached for decades.
The 100-meter men's final at the 1988 Seoul Games was the fastest and perhaps most thrilling sprint in Olympic history. But within 48 hours, gold medalist
Chosen ahead of Michael Jordan in the 1984 NBA Draft,
In 1962, the University of Mississippi erupted in violence over integration and swelled with pride over an unbeaten football team. Mississippi native Wright Thompson explores the tumultuous events that continue to shape the state decades later.
After World War II, a young Polish single mother is sent in to a remote, inhospitable area in Siberia to work at a labor camp. When her child becomes sick, she escapes the camp and sets off on a dangerous mission to find treatment for her baby.
Candy and crime collide in a dodgy seaside resort town as several small-time crooks (nicknamed after their favorite confections) each scheme to get their mitts on a sweet stash of cash belonging to Jimmy the Gent, a ruthless London mobster.
Brothers Daniel and Julio love soccer, but while Julio focuses on providing for their family, Daniel dreams about playing professionally. When a pro scout comes to watch them play, they face an agonizing choice between family and their sport.
Cin
When his brother suffers a fatal fall seven days before Australia's prestigious Melbourne Cup, a young jockey gives everything he has to make history. The result is an inspiring tale of love and loss based on actual events.

Piloting a snowmobile drunk is just as dangerous as operating a regular car while intoxicated -- just one of the many lessons viewers learn from this reality series chronicling the chilly adventures of Alaska state troopers.
Hanshir
Teenage Pim grows infatuated with Gino, the handsome boy next door. When a young man from the local fair starts dating Pim's mother, Pim seizes the opportunity to leave home and move in with Gino's family.




Young Aldo Russo survives a serious traffic accident that kills his mother, then goes to live in rural Colorado with a grandmother he's never met. As he mends the physical and mental fractures in his life, Aldo seeks a way to recapture happiness.
Piloting a snowmobile drunk is just as dangerous as operating a regular car while intoxicated -- just one of the many lessons viewers learn from this reality series chronicling the chilly adventures of Alaska state troopers.
Piloting a snowmobile drunk is just as dangerous as operating a regular car while intoxicated -- just one of the many lessons viewers learn from this reality series chronicling the chilly adventures of Alaska state troopers.
This National Geographic documentary takes a detailed look at one of humankind's ultimate taboos: cannibalism. Trek into the rain forests to hear from tribe members who have eaten human flesh.
What if a person could strap on a mechanical suit -- an exoskeleton of sorts -- and then leap a tall fence? Or carry hundreds of pounds for miles? Or rescue a trapped victim? Separate science from fiction and meet real superhumans living among us.
This intriguing documentary explores how a shallow burial pit containing 54 beheaded skeletons uncovers a stunning tale of sickening brutality as well as incredible bravery, giving us a better understanding of the Vikings' place in England.
Armored cars are tough enough to resist an onslaught of gunfire, fast enough to evade ambush and strong enough to repel ammunition strike-back. This enlightening documentary examines what it takes to build these fortresses on wheels.
A year after a film crew spent a fatal night there, a new team is entering the halls of Collingwood Psychiatric Hospital in search of the truth. What they discover will make believers out of all of them. That is, any who live to tell the tale.
A group of gadget-addicted teen girls gather in the Idaho wilderness for a program to help them lose dependency on technology. Camping on a riverbank in the middle of nowhere, they're harassed by a strange couple who soon go on a murderous rampage.
Shrouded by the mystery of a dark spirit that wills young couples to suicide, four friends on holiday take local folklore and turn it into an investigation of truth, they realize that belief in a myth can quickly materialize into reality.
Sammi (
This visually inventive shocker tells the story of a suicidal teenager (
In this Oscar-winning documentary short, Hong Kong filmmaker
Filmmaker
After hiring the services of teen hustler Sora, handsome teacher Kairu is shocked when the boy winds up as a student in his class. While trying to keep the smitten Sora at bay, Kairu also wards off advances from his roommate and yet another student. Inspired by Japanese "boy love" comics, this naughty gay romance features the talents of actors
When a performance artist (
In this blood-and-guts Korean action drama, a film-within-the-film threatens to become more real -- and more deadly -- than the life of its bad-boy star (
Sex in all its glory and squalor is the true star of this film that follows the sexual follies and foibles of a string of disparate characters whose stories branch in unexpected ways in the hands of first-time helmer
After her adopted son, Er Dong (
Years after he got fired for botching the arrest of a North Korean hit man and his prot


This action-driven tale of two Korean boxers pits a washed-up medalist against a young ne'er-do-well serving time for his crimes, with each man willing to risk it all for the amateur title.
Though friends Jae-moon and Ye-joon inhabit different worlds, a night of drinking reunites them -- till a tragedy occurs that sends Jae-moon to jail. His wife finds solace in Ye-joon's arms, but all three must soon face a harsh truth masked by greed.
This action-packed comedy follows the adventures of top Korean spy Soo-Ji Ahn, whose heart is broken when her nerdy fianc
Despondent Korean detective Pil-seong Jo is on the verge of losing his family and his job, and after his gambling winnings are stolen by escaped convict Ki-tae Song, Pil-seong embarks on a dangerous quest to recover his reputation and dignity.
This intriguing anthology explores aspects of passion, including a young man's feelings about a one-night stand, the distress of a couple facing a possibly permanent separation and the determination of an older actress to get her director's interest.
In this Korean horror-thriller based on a true story, a girl traces her missing sister to the home of an elderly man where, unbeknownst to the neighbors, horrible things have been happening behind closed doors.
Siblings Parinya and Patama return from abroad to take over a hotel their parents have left to them. As they begin renovations, however, they soon find themselves involved in a string of mysterious deaths connected to their family's secret past.
Set in the future, this comedy-fantasy follows Em, a young, good-looking guy whose life is completely changed when he encounters God in the form of a surreal creature who makes him an irresistible proposal.
Winner of the Audience Award at the New York Asian Film Festival, this tragicomedy follows two listless friends who fall for the same girl while trying to find out what they really want from their lives.
Set in Amsterdam, the story features a love triangle between a young girl and the two mysterious men in her life. One is a hit-man and the other his pursuer. As the two men clash, Hye-young is caught in the middle of this action-fueled romance story.
Journalist Jun discovers an exceptional bakery hidden in the middle of Seoul, but the family business is on the verge of closure. Meanwhile, estranged brother Sang-hyuk returns to reconnect and, with Jun's help, protect the secret family recipes.
In the distant future, the earth has become a dense wasteland after years of battle. The survivors of World War IV band together to rebuild their own cities while bandits, murderers and thugs roam the wasteland to find their next victims.
Four beautiful sisters are entrusted with taking care of Kinjiro, a giant salamander and national treasure. Rumors spread that Kinjiro is an impostor, so a genius x-ray technician is sent to run some tests.
Although they've been dating for a long time, Dajin and Jae-yeong fail to recognize what they have until they drift into the arms of strangers -- but it may be too late for them to save their relationship.
Juno and Jeni, both 13, are madly in love. When Juno discovers that she's pregnant, Jeni takes his role seriously and vows to be a good father. There's just one problem: how to explain the situation to their conservative parents.
An impoverished couple buys Xiao Ezi, an 11-year-old disabled girl, with the intention of making her beg for money on the city streets. When they're forced to flee, Xiao Ezi meets a one-armed boy who's also made to beg, and they develop a bond.
Passion sparks an intense sexual relationship between two strangers. As the desire for emotional intimacy invades their erotic encounters, the stakes grow increasingly higher -- particularly for the woman, who's engaged to be married in a month.
A man and a woman meet in the hospital after their respective partners are involved in a car accident. After learning that their spouses have been having an affair, the two begin one of their own.
The women in Byun's village ridicule his lack of libido, the result of a freak accident when he was young. But Byun has the last laugh when a traveling monk imbues him with the ultimate male power and the women line up to bed him.
In the sequel of this naughty fantasy, Shinji recovers from her attack with the help of a doctor. But soon she is forced to fight the black demons in order to protect her new friends.
This documentary follows 10 teens who embark on a quest to become superstars on China's hit TV show "Super Girls," a singing competition. The show's overwhelming popularity spurred the Chinese government to ban it after two seasons.
Raghu's plans to marry his pregnant girlfriend take an unexpected turn when the scheming father of a prospective bride has him kidnapped and held for ransom in exchange for his daughter's hand.

In the style of American illusionists Criss Angel and David Blaine, Indian street magician
In the style of American illusionists Criss Angel and David Blaine, Indian street magician
A disheartened parole officer struggling to find happiness in a ho-hum marriage finds inspiration from an unlikely source: his own parolees. As his slightly loopy ex-cons play out their dramas, the parole officer works to resolve his own.




Five boys from a poor vi
Everyman comic genius
Five boys from a poor vi
The entire East Coast of the United States faces the prospect of annihilation with a gigantic supercyclone bearing down on it. The only person capable of averting the catastrophe is a meteorologist with an untested plan for thwarting Mother Nature.
When a skeptical tour guide and her friends decide to investigate America's most haunted house, their amateur ghost hunt turns into more horror than they ever could have imagined in this spooky supernatural tale.
This addictive series follows the Gallaghers -- a brood of six led by jobless single father Frank -- who live in public housing and are blissfully unaware of the family's dysfunction, while dad tries to maintain his sanity with help from a bottle.
Modern artist
When a South American pilot crash lands in Co.Cork, the locals of a nearby village rally together to build a runway that will help get him back in the air.
After being suspended from prep school, three sexually inexperienced teenage boys have some inner-city misadventures with hookers, drifters and drug dealers as they try to emulate the plot of
In mid-1950s Ireland, a parish priest -- in an attempt to raise funds for his church and merge his passion for film with his faith -- opens a small cinema in his community, provoking conflict with the bishop and the parishioners.
After critics savage his latest Broadway play, writer Robert Longfellow heads home to Los Angeles to care for his mother and work on schlocky movies. But when he runs into an old neighbor, his life takes a terrifying Hollywood-style plot turn.
Trapped on a space station orbiting Earth, a small army of human survivors are prepared to battle the undead in space. Among this group is an unexpected leader whose sole mission is to prevent the destruction of Earth.
When a foreign drug dealer living in Tokyo is fatally shot in a police raid, his spirit leaves his body in a hallucinatory odyssey that chaotically merges his past, present and future in this drama from provocative French auteur
Two 9-year-old boys in Jerusalem -- one a Jewish American boy visiting his father, the other an Arab street urchin -- form an unlikely friendship while running away from a gang of bullies that have targeted them both.
In the heartland of Punjab, unemployed Ambar and rookie cop Manjeet must work together in their efforts to become successful. Ambar hopes to become a TV journalist and win his lady fair, while Manjeet wants to triumph over father-and-son gangsters.
This adaptation of the hit manga series follows unassuming high school student Jan Di as she stands up to -- and eventually falls for -- a spoiled rich kid whose clique reigns over their exclusive private school.
Casper the Friendly Ghost is back and ready for more adventures when his fierce uncles, tired of his kindly relations with humans, send him away to a boarding school that specializes in teaching young students how to be as scary as possible.
Best friends Jason and Julie decide that the way to have kids without sacrificing their social lives or careers is to raise a child together platonically. But romance and other complications interfere with their perfect plan.
Based on a Japanese manga, this Korean dramedy series centers on a slow-bubbling romance between a sunny student and her popular classmate, who doesn't seem to share her amorous feelings -- or does he?
This romantic drama series follows plucky Lee-Sul, a college student who stumbles into a scheme that makes her a real-life princess. But amid clashes between big business and royalty, will Lee-Sul find true love?
Based on a Japanese manga, this Korean dramedy series centers on a slow-bubbling romance between a sunny student and her popular classmate, who doesn't seem to share her amorous feelings -- or does he?
Yoon Sung -- the son of a murdered government agent -- begins working in the Blue House, the presidential residence in Korea. He tries to find the five men who betrayed his father 28 years ago, and makes a plan to punish them his own way.
Gong Ah Jung, a Ministry of Culture official, gets caught in a web of lies when she claims she's married to Hyun Ki Joon, a wealthy hotel manager. Their relationship is further complicated when Ki Joon's ex-fianc
This romantic drama series follows plucky Lee-Sul, a college student who stumbles into a scheme that makes her a real-life princess. But amid clashes between big business and royalty, will Lee-Sul find true love?
Casper the Friendly Ghost is back and ready for more adventures when his fierce uncles, tired of his kindly relations with humans, send him away to a boarding school that specializes in teaching young students how to be as scary as possible.
Gong Ah Jung, a Ministry of Culture official, gets caught in a web of lies when she claims she's married to Hyun Ki Joon, a wealthy hotel manager. Their relationship is further complicated when Ki Joon's ex-fianc
Yoon Sung -- the son of a murdered government agent -- begins working in the Blue House, the presidential residence in Korea. He tries to find the five men who betrayed his father 28 years ago, and makes a plan to punish them his own way.
After her parents die in an accident, a young woman suddenly faces some very grown-up responsibilities, such as caring for her siblings. But as she navigates the tricky waters of adulthood, another dramatic coming-of-age issue crops up: love.
After meeting a mysterious yet very beautiful girl, a wannabe action star discovers that she's, in fact, a gumiho -- a legendary fox with nine tails -- who longs to transform herself into a true human.
As her twin brother recovers from plastic surgery, a young woman takes his place in a boy band. At first, the group members are cold to her, but she soon wins the heart of her bandmates and fans, all the while searching for her long-lost mother.
After a series of misunderstandings and unfortunate events conspire to shatter the once-promising life of girl from an affluent family, she finds the courage to persevere, eventually inspiring others by her example.
"Secret Garden" is a modern version of the Cinderella story, with an extra touch of magic. The story begins with a wealthy man and a poor stunt girl falling in love. But things get complicated when their souls become inexplicably swapped.
An inexperienced secretary, Eunseol, finally gets the job she's been yearning for, but the dream job turns out to be less than ideal when she meets her boss, Cha Jiheon, a second generation "chaebol" with an attitude.
A woman, Lee Yeon Jae, is given the grim prognosis that she has only a short time left to live. She decides to quit her job at a travel agency and live her life to the fullest, methodically making her way down her bucket list.
With an arranged marriage looming, an American-educated young woman finds herself exiled to Korea, where she reluctantly teams up with the equally uninterested bridegroom to devise a plan that will allow them to avoid their impending wedding.
Pasta follows the dreams of a young woman who aspires to become an elite chef at La Sfera restaurant. Seo Yoo Kyung starts her career as a kitchen assistant at La Sfera, but through perseverance, she eventually works her way through the ranks.
This historical drama follows the rise of the first female ruler of Shilla. Abandoned at birth because of a prophecy, Deokman returns to her proper place in the palace with the help of her twin sister and becomes Queen Seondeok.
This adaptation of the hit manga series follows unassuming high school student Jan Di as she stands up to -- and eventually falls for -- a spoiled rich kid whose clique reigns over their exclusive private school.
After meeting a mysterious yet very beautiful girl, a wannabe action star discovers that she's, in fact, a gumiho -- a legendary fox with nine tails -- who longs to transform herself into a true human.
After a series of misunderstandings and unfortunate events conspire to shatter the once-promising life of girl from an affluent family, she finds the courage to persevere, eventually inspiring others by her example.
As her twin brother recovers from plastic surgery, a young woman takes his place in a boy band. At first, the group members are cold to her, but she soon wins the heart of her bandmates and fans, all the while searching for her long-lost mother.
An inexperienced secretary, Eunseol, finally gets the job she's been yearning for, but the dream job turns out to be less than ideal when she meets her boss, Cha Jiheon, a second generation "chaebol" with an attitude.
"Secret Garden" is a modern version of the Cinderella story, with an extra touch of magic. The story begins with a wealthy man and a poor stunt girl falling in love. But things get complicated when their souls become inexplicably swapped.
A woman, Lee Yeon Jae, is given the grim prognosis that she has only a short time left to live. She decides to quit her job at a travel agency and live her life to the fullest, methodically making her way down her bucket list.
After her parents die in an accident, a young woman suddenly faces some very grown-up responsibilities, such as caring for her siblings. But as she navigates the tricky waters of adulthood, another dramatic coming-of-age issue crops up: love.
With an arranged marriage looming, an American-educated young woman finds herself exiled to Korea, where she reluctantly teams up with the equally uninterested bridegroom to devise a plan that will allow them to avoid their impending wedding.
Pasta follows the dreams of a young woman who aspires to become an elite chef at La Sfera restaurant. Seo Yoo Kyung starts her career as a kitchen assistant at La Sfera, but through perseverance, she eventually works her way through the ranks.
This historical drama follows the rise of the first female ruler of Shilla. Abandoned at birth because of a prophecy, Deokman returns to her proper place in the palace with the help of her twin sister and becomes Queen Seondeok.
More than 20 years after their final curtain call, the Ewings return with both new and familiar faces -- and all the treachery that made the original series a classic. This time around, J.R. and Bobby watch as their sons carry on the Ewing legacy.
More than 20 years after their final curtain call, the Ewings return with both new and familiar faces -- and all the treachery that made the original series a classic. This time around, J.R. and Bobby watch as their sons carry on the Ewing legacy.

Filmmaker and comedian
Named for the Roman numeral tattooed on his neck, XIII is a former secret operative who cannot remember his past. To rediscover it, the highly trained XIII must take on missions from those he cannot trust.
Named for the Roman numeral tattooed on his neck, XIII is a former secret operative who cannot remember his past. To rediscover it, the highly trained XIII must take on missions from those he cannot trust.
A young couple honeymooning in Haiti is terrorized by a crazed plantation owner who turns the wife into a zombie to join his legion of undead workers. Made in 1932 in just 11 days with a $50,000 budget, this early talkie remains a horror classic.
In this classic horror flick, Dr. Orlof, a former prison surgeon, scours the seedy city underground looking for beautiful women so he can steal their skin and repair his daughter's scarred face.
Domenico Soriano (
A rare Disney foray into PG-rated animation, this action-filled tale follows the exploits of a group of adventurers led by museum researcher Milo Thatch as they journey thousands of leagues under the sea to the fabled kingdom of Atlantis.
Working-class misfit Andie thinks her dreams have come true when rich, popular Blane asks her to prom in this coming-of-age classic from
Dave and Barbara Whiteman seem to have it made: He's a successful businessman, and she's a happy homemaker. But their seemingly perfect life suddenly comes undone when a wayward bum ingratiates himself into their Beverly Hills household.
A life of violence is traced from the Zoot Suit riots of the 1940s to the bloody streets of East Los Angeles in the '90s. Three friends born in poverty create their own capitalist dream as gang members who, despite being jailed, control the streets.
On a quest to avenge her husband's death, raven-haired psychic Claire Grandier -- once a well-heeled countess -- joins forces with a telepathic professor, a chrome-domed zombie and Satan himself.
For more than half a century, MCA president Lew Wasserman controlled Hollywood. This documentary reveals the story behind the movie mogul's rags-to-riches journey, from his Mafia ties to his role in Ronald Reagan's political career.
In this highly personalized documentary, filmmaker
Screen icons
After sweet-talking the French government into dropping its practice of barring cameras from the courtroom, native-born photographer and documentarian
When Christine gets a job as a Times Square porn theater ticket-taker, she soon finds herself intrigued by the underground world she's entered, and her eagerness to explore it leads her on an erotic journey of self-discovery.
Pop star
Prominent shark experts
Based on actual events, this tense Japanese docudrama details the formation of early-1970s leftist paramilitary group the United Red Army, the turmoil and strife within its ranks and the attempt by several members to seize a mountainside lodge.
When their father kicks the bucket, three unsuspecting brothers learn that their dad's gambling and reckless ways have doomed them all to die. With only a few days left to live, they set out to try to make amends. But time's running out quickly.
Legendary funnyman
From comedy icon
The hardy husband-and-wife team of Myke Hawke and
This animated series follows the adventures of Zino, a vain rooster who lives in a big city. He and his flock of hens have transformed a deserted parking lot into a chicken coop, where trouble's always brewing.
With Russia under threat of a Tartar invasion, the czar entrusts young Michel Strogoff -- one of his couriers -- with a supremely important letter that must to be delivered in person to the governor of Eastern Siberia.
Trotro the donkey may be opinionated, but he's as sweet as can be in this animated series that's full of good lessons for children. Trotro and his friends have all sorts of fun playing hide-and-seek, splashing around in puddles and more.
This animated series follows the adventures of Zino, a vain rooster who lives in a big city. He and his flock of hens have transformed a deserted parking lot into a chicken coop, where trouble's always brewing.
Trotro the donkey may be opinionated, but he's as sweet as can be in this animated series that's full of good lessons for children. Trotro and his friends have all sorts of fun playing hide-and-seek, splashing around in puddles and more.
A group of paranormal investigators sets out to film mass murderer Richard Speck's ghost at the site of his heinous killing spree in Chicago, where he strangled and stabbed eight student nurses in July 1966.

Holland Price is a devoted husband and loving father. But unbeknownst to him, evil and darkness have him a marked man.
A young director known for his hugely successful horror films finds himself trapped in his house with a man who has a grudge against him. To avenge his murdered daughter, Frank Bennet is determined to teach the filmmaker the true meaning of horror.
Experience the horrors and challenges facing travelers imprisoned abroad -- from tourists caught smuggling drugs to visitors captured by violent rebel groups -- in this gritty documentary series from National Geographic.
Warrior Graveyard uncovers extraordinary warrior skeletons from history, while unleashing the full force of modern forensics upon them: battle scars, bone deformations and recoverable scraps of DNA will all be tested and explored.
Dramatizing the events depicted in Erik Larson's best-selling
When Somali pirates hijack the Maersk Alabama -- and worldwide headlines -- Navy SEALs launch a sneak attack to rescue the ship's American captain. This 2011 documentary recounts the harrowing five days from hijacking to the final fatal shots.
For the first time, three prisons across Russia unlock their doors to an international film crew, allowing viewers access to top-security facilities where cannibals, terrorists and killers live out the rest of their days.
Focused on rehabilitating pooches and training owners to communicate better with their animals, canine behaviorist
Warrior Graveyard uncovers extraordinary warrior skeletons from history, while unleashing the full force of modern forensics upon them: battle scars, bone deformations and recoverable scraps of DNA will all be tested and explored.
Newlywed Hedda Gabler must confront her desire for a life lived without compromise -- whatever the cost. Set in an anonymous corner of suburbia, this contemporary adaptation of Ibsen's play explores ambition, domestic power and gender roles.
Quirky comedian and actor
Filmed live at the legendary Punchline Comedy Club in San Francisco.
Focused on rehabilitating pooches and training owners to communicate better with their animals, canine behaviorist
Two bickering families vacationing at a frozen lake miles from civilization must put aside their differences to fight a much greater enemy. Something has awoken under the ice, and its prey is human.
Set in the 1950s, this period drama based on the memoirs of Jennifer Worth follows new midwife Jenny Lee and the other midwives and nuns working in a nursing convent in an impoverished section of London's East End.
Set in the 1950s, this period drama based on the memoirs of Jennifer Worth follows new midwife Jenny Lee and the other midwives and nuns working in a nursing convent in an impoverished section of London's East End.
Kidnapped by a mysterious figure, three women find themselves trapped in an abandoned hospital. The prisoners face life-transforming decisions as they struggle for their lives in this edge-of-your-seat thriller with a stunning climactic twist.
Destitute but desperate to produce their "blockbuster" bank robbery movie, slick producer-attorney Mario and his talent-deprived and intellectually challenged major players decide to pull a multimillion-dollar jewelry heist to finance the film.

Based on traditional Mexican folk tales, this animated adventure follows young Freddy and his pals as they set out to find and bond with their personal Guardians, mystical animal spirits that can help them battle evil and save the world.

A group of women form an unlikely alliance to get their revenge on a pro athlete and his three friends who played them. The guys are used to getting what they want when they want it, but that's all about to change.
An all-star cast shines in this indie comedy about a typical night in 10 bars across Los Angeles, where former cop Francine becomes entangled with a group of oddballs, including a murderous dentist, an ambitious club hostess and a regretful father.

In this animated action-adventure series, supernaturally gifted Ray and his pals Gabe and Allie join the brave Duel Masters to battle the Choten, an evil genius bent on subduing freedom-loving creatures and dominating the Earth.
After the sudden death of her father, a teenage girl travels to meet the mother she never knew. Soon, she befriends a horse trainer and discovers that in caring for a horse, she is able to overcome her hardships and emotional trauma.
In this animated action-adventure series, supernaturally gifted Ray and his pals Gabe and Allie join the brave Duel Masters to battle the Choten, an evil genius bent on subduing freedom-loving creatures and dominating the Earth.
A close look at two-sport athlete
This riveting Israeli drama follows a military investigator who is summoned back to base to capture a serial rapist. To zero in on a suspect, he enlists the aid of a beautiful fellow soldier, and they masquerade as a couple to bait the perpetrator.
Blessed with a great singing voice, Holly auditions for a legendary Christmas group founded by her late mother. But when their leader gives the slot to a barely talented vocalist, Holly starts her own group and challenges their rivals to a sing-off.
In 198 B.C., Cao Cao, prime minister of the Han Dynasty, ventures to the east and defeats China's greatest warrior, Lu Bu, terrifying every ambitious warlord across the country. Several years later, Cao crowns himself King of Wei.
In an ancient age, a peace-loving tribe is enslaved by a race of flesh-eating dragon riders. The young tribesman Goben must join forces with the neighboring giants, the humans, to free his people and vanquish their enemies.
When a colossal tectonic shift causes the seas to rise 5,000 feet, microbiologist Tessa gathers together as much DNA as she can, while defense contractor Josh outfits a state-of-the-art "ark" in a desperate attempt to save every species on Earth.
Sophisticated spy Archer may have the coolest gadgets, but he still has issues when it comes to dealing with his boss -- who also happens to be his mother -- in this wicked animated spoof of spy flicks and the sex-crazed agents who populate them.
In this modern retelling of the classic horror tale, teen siblings are enslaved by a psychotic, and possibly canabalistic, recluse within her gruesome house of horrors deep in the woods.
Focusing on a group of women working in a Canadian munitions factory during World War II, this ensemble drama depicts the dangers and new experiences they face. While drawn from diverse backgrounds, the women soon form strong bonds with their peers.
Focusing on a group of women working in a Canadian munitions factory during World War II, this ensemble drama depicts the dangers and new experiences they face. While drawn from diverse backgrounds, the women soon form strong bonds with their peers.
Director
When a "60 Minutes" report demonizes a seedy hotel populated by heroin users in Willimantic, Conn., filmmaker
Turning a slur sprayed on her VW Beetle from scarlet letters into a badge of honor, Sage College grad student
Avant-garde director
Filmmaker

After landing in enemy territory during World War II, three American paratroopers from the 517th Parachute Regimental Combat Team risk their lives to rescue a group of French resistance fighters who have been ensnared by the Nazis.
The goal is simple, get as MUCH as possible for as LITTLE as possible. But they're not looking to save a few dollars here and there; they're looking to cash in on some serious savings--by any means necessary.
When two drifters overhear rumors that a Chinese railroad worker has run off with stolen gold to a ranch in Northern California, they concoct a scheme to steal the loot, but ruthless mercenaries with the same goal complicate their plans.
Ride along with All German Motorsports, Letner Racing and the COPS Racing Team as they battle the desert, themselves and other racers. Find out what it takes to compete at the toughest off-road race in the world.
After a crippling series of earthquakes throws the entire world into chaos, a traveling salesman will have to fight his way through a vicious outlaw biker gang known as the Barbarians to get home to his family.
This Bollywood-style romantic comedy centers on Sid, a man who earns his living by helping clients weasel out of relationships-gone-bad. When Sid encounters the clever Sonali, the two begin working together -- and unexpectedly wind up in love.
This anime comedy series tells the tale of Squid Girl, an ocean-dwelling lass who leaves the water to seek revenge for the pollution of the seas. But if she can't handle the land-dwellers who employ her, how can she subjugate the human race?
The disappearance of a young Seattle girl sets in motion this moody crime series centering on detective Sarah Linden, who's trying to start a new life in California but is unable to walk away from the mysteries posed by the complex case.
This anime comedy series tells the tale of Squid Girl, an ocean-dwelling lass who leaves the water to seek revenge for the pollution of the seas. But if she can't handle the land-dwellers who employ her, how can she subjugate the human race?
Enter the adrenaline-fueled world of freestyle motocross rider
In his first HBO special, comedian
In this 1978 concert, absurdist funnyman
New York City funnyman

In this concert recorded in Los Angeles in 1986, stand-up legend
Filmed live in the Garden State in 1988, this hour long HBO concert features Grammy-winning stand-up comedian
Filmed live for television, this comedy special features
Get ready for belly laughs with this live 1996 performance by
Legendary comic
Nothing gets past the razor-sharp wit of
Irreverent counterculture comedian
Reflecting on the widening gap between the poor and rich in 1992 America,
This documentary probes the theories behind the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, focusing on footage that aired only once on TV and was never shown again. The film also examines alternative causes of the crashes at the Pentagon and World Trade Center.
Twenty years after minister Joseph Masterson and his family were slaughtered inside their home, noted ghost hunter Carter Simms (
In his final filmed performance, counterculture comic
When chronically overweight Lucy invites a group of her old college pals to Montana for a weekend reunion because "time is running out," the friends assume that Lucy is at death's door, and they rush to her side in this indie comedy. But Lucy's got a few big surprises in store for them that tests the limits of their friendship and their sanity.

Jesse Young, a girl who already has everything, finds herself falling for two seemingly perfect guys: sexy but struggling writer Ethan and button-down advertising executive Troy. Can she find true love with two men at the same time?
After he gets passed over for promotion, haute cuisine sous chef Samir quits to pursue his dream of cooking in Paris, but an emergency forces him to take over his family's shabby Indian restaurant in Queens.
Struggling musician Danny Foster (
On her 16th birthday, never-been-kissed Kate (
Reeling with rage after learning of her husband's infidelity, Rose departs for Delaware to find the other woman. But once she arrives, she shifts her focus to an unexpected romance with a teenage boy.
It's steam power versus diesel in Thomas's new adventure! When Thomas ignores Percy to spend time with Belle and Flynn, the island's new fire engines, Percy makes friends with Diesel 10, and the trouble-causing diesel takes over the Sodor Steamworks.
Pretty teen Lola and her high school friends struggle to elude their bewildered parents, pull off daring hookups and sow some seriously wild oats in this coming-of-age comedy for the social media era.
After years of repeated losses, down-and-out horse trainer Dusty tries to get his life back on the track by adopting a winning strategy. But the only person who can help him win is his needy ex-girlfriend, a diminutive jockey.
After kidnapping a spirited Englishwoman and planning to have his way with her, a Wild West outlaw with performance issues seeks remedies for his impotence from Chinese and Indian healers while the two run from a posse on their tail.
Nancy Botwin takes a big hit when her husband dies suddenly and she's left struggling to maintain her comfortable lifestyle -- so the suburban soccer mom summons up her inner entrepreneur and starts selling pot to her affluent neighbors.
Five men ride into the eerie town of Yellow Rock, hoping to rescue a family member and his lost boy. They must fight wild animals, the elements, and eventually each other, as the dangerous journey unfolds.
This documentary offers an in-depth look at what makes
In this live standup performance, Detroit comedian
Paranoia overwhelms a pharmaceutical executive when she discovers her company is intentionally poisoning the public to profit from the antidote. On the run with no one to trust, she is the only one who can save the nation from an epidemic.
Revisit the most memorable moments of the WWE's Raw and SmackDown series with this "best of" collection of 2012 highlights, ranging from the dramatic and shocking to the surprising and hilarious.
Emotionally volatile Molly falls in love with Mercedes, a gay rights activist, after a drunken one-night stand. Mercedes tries desperately to ditch the clingy Molly -- until she learns that Molly's father is a powerful politician.
Growing up at a zoo owned by her family, aspiring ballerina Sophie has always loved animals, but none more than her pet elephant, Sheba. When her parents are forced to sell Sheba to a traveling circus, Sophie joins the show to get the pachyderm back.
Get to know who's who in the igloo as mischievous penguin Pingu experiences one exciting adventure after another in his Arctic home.
In the wintry wonderland of the South Pole, cheeky and charming young penguin Pingu often ends up in tricky situations -- usually of his own making. But as he faces life's challenges, he becomes a cooler and wiser penguin along the way.
Comedian
Stranded deep in the wintry forest after a snowmobile accident, city slickers Emma and Mike find themselves at the mercy of a creepy, silent hunter who begins to stalk them. The situation gets even more nightmarish for Emma when Mike disappears ...
When young teen Riley inadvertently opens a conduit to heaven, she gains near-miraculous powers of healing. But when her gift takes a terrible toll on her own body, it will take faith and help from a higher power to see Riley and her family through.
1000 episodes,

1000 episodes,
Revisit the most memorable moments of the WWE's Raw and SmackDown series with this "best of" collection of 2012 highlights, ranging from the dramatic and shocking to the surprising and hilarious.



Journey to the enchanted land of Equestria, where young unicorn Twilight Sparkle and her friends Applejack, Rarity, Fluttershy, Rainbow Dash and Pinkie Pie have exciting adventures while learning valuable lessons about friendship.

This trailblazing cable series follows the tangled lives and ever-changing relationships among a close-knit group of lesbians -- including a lusty hairstylist and a recovering alcoholic -- who call Los Angeles home.
This trailblazing cable series follows the tangled lives and ever-changing relationships among a close-knit group of lesbians -- including a lusty hairstylist and a recovering alcoholic -- who call Los Angeles home.
This trailblazing cable series follows the tangled lives and ever-changing relationships among a close-knit group of lesbians -- including a lusty hairstylist and a recovering alcoholic -- who call Los Angeles home.
This trailblazing cable series follows the tangled lives and ever-changing relationships among a close-knit group of lesbians -- including a lusty hairstylist and a recovering alcoholic -- who call Los Angeles home.
This trailblazing cable series follows the tangled lives and ever-changing relationships among a close-knit group of lesbians -- including a lusty hairstylist and a recovering alcoholic -- who call Los Angeles home.
This trailblazing cable series follows the tangled lives and ever-changing relationships among a close-knit group of lesbians -- including a lusty hairstylist and a recovering alcoholic -- who call Los Angeles home.
This trailblazing cable series follows the tangled lives and ever-changing relationships among a close-knit group of lesbians -- including a lusty hairstylist and a recovering alcoholic -- who call Los Angeles home.

When an envoy arrives in Chicago to inform them they have royal blood, fraternal twins Brady and Boomer are whisked away to rule jointly on the island of Kinkow, a Polynesian paradise in unfamiliar territory.
Russ, an adorable but mildly confused little puppy, makes it his goal to become the Easter Bunny this year! But poor Russ comes up against some not-so-like-minded challengers -- namely his family, who insist that dogs should be dogs, not bunnies.
Working from home, a consumer affairs rep in a rocky relationship decides to play hooky, and spends her day calling random people, looking for new connections. Unexpectedly, she meets someone on the phone that might just change everything.
Upon entering a deserted farmhouse, two families discover that every attempt to leave takes them right back in. Stuck in purgatory, they are haunted by the home's former owner, who declares only one clan will be able to call the house their home.
The four men a convicted robber protected with silence celebrate his release with a sushi dinner served off the naked body of a beautiful woman. During the meal, the thieves can't help but open old wounds in an attempt to find their missing loot.
After a teenage girl is mauled to death on the outskirts of Hemlock Grove, dark secrets and deep passions emerge. As authorities seek the killer, two suspects from rival families take matters into their own hands. Will they find a man or a monster?
A gruesome murder strikes the small town of Hemlock Grove, and evidence suggests an animal attack. When the presence of a full moon points to something far more frightening, everyone from the wealthy Godfreys to the gypsy Rumanceks is a suspect.
In Hemlock Grove, there are the haves and have-nots. The wealthy Godfreys rule the town but with the arrival of the gypsy Rumanceks, dark secrets, old rivalries and deep passions emerge. When murder hits home, neither family is above suspicion.
After the murder of a fellow student, wealthy scion Roman and gypsy-trash Peter set out to find the killer. Twisted secrets bring them together while old family rivalries pull them apart. As true identities are revealed, they soon become suspects.
Horror director Eli Roth presents a twisted tale of science and the supernatural. When a cheerleader is found mauled to death, the small town of Hemlock Grove learns what true fear is. But should they fear a monster...or one of their own?
Abruptly abandoned by her husband in a country completely foreign to her, Colombian native Mariana (

In this hit series,


On the day before the opening gala, Scout and his pals visit the Museum of Opposite Words, where set-up of the exhibits is behind schedule. Using vocabulary skills to unlock clues, the pets help complete the exhibits just in time for the big opening.

In this supernatural thriller, a group of friends on a road trip explore a cemetery where the ghost of a notorious serial killer jumps from body to body, killing his victims one by one.
Scout and friends head over to Shapeville in this skill-building adventure that shows what a circle, square and triangle can really do! A new playground is being built at the park and the pets have their hands full helping with the construction.
Set in 1960s New York, this series takes a peek inside an ad agency in an era when the cutthroat business had a glamorous lure. When the cigarette smoke clears and the martinis are set down, at the center of it all is womanizing ad man Don Draper.
An enduring friendship forms when a boy adopts Fang, a 600-year-old talking vampire dog. Together they form an unstoppable team as they work to face their fears while trying to stop a mad scientist who wants to steal Fang's DNA.
Filmed in South Beach, Fla., and hosted by former adult-film star



Instead of living in a retirement home, five aging friends decide to move in together after one of them suffers a heart attack. The two couples and one widower are joined by a young caregiver, an ethnology student who is studying the group.


This wistful documentary narrates and dramatizes the experiences of the immigrant populations who moved in large numbers to the United Kingdom beginning in the 1960s, blending in references to Homer's Odyssey and other literary classics.


This documentary follows a determined group of Scottish locals who take on business mogul
To expose a bloody corporate cover-up, a former CIA agent now talk radio host (
Based on cutting-edge paleontology and the latest fossil records, this documentary presents a series of vignettes about dinosaurs, including some creatures that were discovered only recently.
In this elaborately animated collection of six exotic tales, three friends meet nightly in a dilapidated cinema, where magic brings to life the adventures of lovely princesses, fierce werewolves, courageous peasant lads and lively dragons.
This film tells the story of the recovery of 4,500 negatives taken by photographers Robert Capa, Gerda Taro and David Seymour during the Spanish Civil War. The film follows the journey of these negatives to Mexico and their recovery 70 years later.
A remarkable group of young Afghan women dream of representing their country as boxers at the 2012 Olympics. This documentary follows them as they embark on a journey of both personal and political transformation.
Experience a soul-searching and inspirational 30-day drift boat journey down the longest undammed river in the contiguous United States. Connect with colorful characters, get lost in the hypnotic cast of a fly rod and savor silhouetted moments.
This documentary presents a first-person look inside the dark world of racist skinheads, but offers hope in the story of one man's escape from a life of violence, addiction and bigotry.
Director

A group of young filmmakers visits an abandoned psychiatric hospital to investigate horrific rumors about patients being treated inhumanely and to search for the ghosts of two former residents.
Master thief Will Montgomery is ready to leave his criminal past behind. But when his daughter is kidnapped, he has no choice but to reunite with his old partner in crime and pull off one last heist.
Stop-motion comedy, parody and anarchy are rolled into one in this demented series. The Robot Chicken himself is an unfortunate creature rescued by a mad scientist and forced to watch movie satires, fake ads and other faux-TV programming nonstop.
Based on the comic strip by Aaron McGruder, this satirical animated series follows the socially conscious misadventures of Huey Freeman, a preternaturally smart 10-year-old who relocates from inner-city Chicago to the suburbs.
Teenage numbskulls Hank and Dean, with their embittered mad scientist father, Dr. Rusty Venture, and he-man bodyguard, Brock Samson, face off with a string of oddball villains in this madcap parody of the adventure cartoon "Jonny Quest."
Anything's possible in this animated series when world-famous superheroes -- including Superman, Wonder Woman, the Flash, and Batman and Robin -- band together to fight crime as the Justice League of America.
As humanity faces threats from all kinds of new and vile villains, Superman, Wonder Woman, Batman and a dozens of other animated superheroes create a league from which they form small, specialized teams to combat each new menace.
The classic Batman tales takes on darker overtones in this Daytime Emmy Award-winning animated series that revisits billionaire Bruce Wayne at retirement age, when he passes the torch -- and his costume -- on to teen prot
The classic Batman tales takes on darker overtones in this Daytime Emmy Award-winning animated series that revisits billionaire Bruce Wayne at retirement age, when he passes the torch -- and his costume -- on to teen prot
Anything's possible in this animated series when world-famous superheroes -- including Superman, Wonder Woman, the Flash, and Batman and Robin -- band together to fight crime as the Justice League of America.
As humanity faces threats from all kinds of new and vile villains, Superman, Wonder Woman, Batman and a dozens of other animated superheroes create a league from which they form small, specialized teams to combat each new menace.
The classic Batman tales takes on darker overtones in this Daytime Emmy Award-winning animated series that revisits billionaire Bruce Wayne at retirement age, when he passes the torch -- and his costume -- on to teen prot
This outlandish series follows the antics of Dethklok, a death metal band so successful that it's become the seventh-largest economy in the world, and its five Scandinavian members have no limits on their credit cards or rampant egos.
Deep in New Jersey lurks an evil that only smart-mouthed fast-food superheroes Master Shake, Meatwad and Frylock can squelch in this off-the-wall animated series that pits the mismatched trio against monsters, aliens and their neighbor Carl.
Teenage numbskulls Hank and Dean, with their embittered mad scientist father, Dr. Rusty Venture, and he-man bodyguard, Brock Samson, face off with a string of oddball villains in this madcap parody of the adventure cartoon "Jonny Quest."
Based on the comic strip by Aaron McGruder, this satirical animated series follows the socially conscious misadventures of Huey Freeman, a preternaturally smart 10-year-old who relocates from inner-city Chicago to the suburbs.
Stop-motion comedy, parody and anarchy are rolled into one in this demented series. The Robot Chicken himself is an unfortunate creature rescued by a mad scientist and forced to watch movie satires, fake ads and other faux-TV programming nonstop.
The Cuylers are a down-on-their-luck hillbilly family living in rural Georgia. They also happen to be squids. This dark animated comedy follows the aquatic clan as they negotiate life with little money and no bones.
Thanks to a mysterious device known as the Omnitrix, mischievous youngster Ben Tennyson has the power to morph into an array of alien superheroes, each possessing a unique set of powers.
This outlandish series follows the antics of Dethklok, a death metal band so successful that it's become the seventh-largest economy in the world, and its five Scandinavian members have no limits on their credit cards or rampant egos.
This sequel series finds the now-teenage Ben Tennyson hoping to locate his missing grandfather by using his Omnitrix device, which has been updated to give him access to a whole new variety of alien life forms.
In this animated update of the beloved Saturday-morning cartoon classic, Scooby-Doo, Shaggy, Fred, Velma and Daphne roll in the Mystery Machine to solve paranormal mysteries in Crystal Cove, a hamlet bedeviled by all kinds of supernatural bedlam.
The classic Batman tales takes on darker overtones in this Daytime Emmy Award-winning animated series that revisits billionaire Bruce Wayne at retirement age, when he passes the torch -- and his costume -- on to teen prot
Batman travels to different times -- even to different dimensions -- to fight crime in this animated series, which finds the Caped Crusader teaming up with Green Arrow, Plastic Man and other superheroes to thwart a host of cunning villains.
Anything's possible in this animated series when world-famous superheroes -- including Superman, Wonder Woman, the Flash, and Batman and Robin -- band together to fight crime as the Justice League of America.
As humanity faces threats from all kinds of new and vile villains, Superman, Wonder Woman, Batman and a dozens of other animated superheroes create a league from which they form small, specialized teams to combat each new menace.
Exploring the subject of school bullying from a personal angle, this eye-opening documentary tracks the stories of five different families whose children are struggling to defend themselves on a near-daily basis.
Created as a spinoff from the hit crime series "Bones," this offbeat detective drama stars
After surviving a devastating car crash, detective Michael Britten travels between two slightly different versions of reality. As he pursues criminals in both realities, he's forced to grasp two radically divergent versions of his home life.
After surviving a devastating car crash, detective Michael Britten travels between two slightly different versions of reality. As he pursues criminals in both realities, he's forced to grasp two radically divergent versions of his home life.
Created as a spinoff from the hit crime series "Bones," this offbeat detective drama stars
America's favorite lowbrow magazine comes to the small screen in this animated series, which amps up the rag's cutting wit with spoofs of ridiculous hit movies, parodies of overblown TV shows and other outlandish segments.
Following the death of his dynamic mother, grieving Frenchman Martin travels to Los Angeles to settle her estate, and learns the true meaning of family while tracking down Lola, his childhood friend who seems to have meant a great deal to his mother.
In post-World War I England, a boarding school haunted by a boy's ghost calls on Florence Cathcart, who disproves hoaxes for a living. But Cathcart senses something truly strange about the school, leading her to question her belief in the rational.
Nothing is as you'd expect in this offbeat animated series about a raccoon and a blue jay who have day jobs keeping grounds at a local park and trying to please their unconventional boss -- a walking, talking taskmaster of a gumball machine.
On the run from the Russian mob, "Jon" and his family enter the witness protection program and simultaneously agree to star in their own reality show. But concealing their identities means wearing ski masks and having their voices surgically altered.
Tired of being hampered by an ineffectual system, two U.S. Marshals devise a new strategy to hunt deadly criminals: They hire the three most cunning ex-cons they ever captured -- a behavioral expert, a gangbanger and a sexy tracker -- to help them.
Young Finn and his magical dog, Jake, have a series of surreal adventures as they journey through the postapocalyptic Land of Ooo and help people they encounter on their travels in this quirky animated series.
Young Finn and his magical dog, Jake, have a series of surreal adventures as they journey through the postapocalyptic Land of Ooo and help people they encounter on their travels in this quirky animated series.
Composed of shorts that skewer medical shows, this satirical comedy follows the misadventures of clown makeup-wearing Dr. Blake Downs and other docs at a pediatric hospital where no one in his or her right mind would ever take a kid.
A college coed's psychic reading goes horrifically wrong, and the next day, she wakes possessed by a demonic entity, experiencing mysterious scratch marks all over her body and terrifying hallucinations.
Set in and around Galway on Ireland's rugged western coast, Ken Bruen's bestselling crime novels leap to life in this series of TV movies featuring Jack Taylor, an alcoholic cop-turned-private-investigator who runs his new business from a barstool.
Set in and around Galway on Ireland's rugged western coast, Ken Bruen's bestselling crime novels leap to life in this series of TV movies featuring Jack Taylor, an alcoholic cop-turned-private-investigator who runs his new business from a barstool.
Thanks to a mysterious device known as the Omnitrix, mischievous youngster Ben Tennyson has the power to morph into an array of alien superheroes, each possessing a unique set of powers.
After being infected by molecule-altering nanites, 15-year-old Rex develops the ability to grow incredible machines out of his body. Soon, he's recruited into a secret organization that's tasked with neutralizing the threat of mutated monsters.
This sequel series finds the now-teenage Ben Tennyson hoping to locate his missing grandfather by using his Omnitrix device, which has been updated to give him access to a whole new variety of alien life forms.
Soon after meeting his doppelg
When baby Sebastian is born on Dec. 12, 2012, everyone around him suddenly starts to die. Soon, his mother realizes that her son is not just a victim of happenstance but is actually the spawn of hell.
In this colorful animated series, a trio known as the Problem Solverz -- oddball Roba, coolheaded Horace and his pizza-loving pet, Alfe -- works to right wrongs and unravel mysteries in the town of Farboro.
A group of five monsters called "Disgustoids", Festro, Gweelok, Fart, Dingle, and Slog, come to Earth, and try to find a way for themselves and the humans to live together in harmony, but they keep running into different problems along the way.
Close friend and band photographer
Nothing is as you'd expect in this offbeat animated series about a raccoon and a blue jay who have day jobs keeping grounds at a local park and trying to please their unconventional boss -- a walking, talking taskmaster of a gumball machine.
In this animated update of the beloved Saturday-morning cartoon classic, Scooby-Doo, Shaggy, Fred, Velma and Daphne roll in the Mystery Machine to solve paranormal mysteries in Crystal Cove, a hamlet bedeviled by all kinds of supernatural bedlam.
This animated series follows 16-year-old Ben Tennyson, once again ready to take on enemies both human and alien. A few things have changed for the super-powered teen, who's now an international megastar superhero and loved by kids the world over.
Game show in which contestants win prizes if they can contort themselves to fit through various wall cut outs when the wall is coming toward them as they stand in front of a swimming pool. Human tetris!
A group of five monsters called "Disgustoids", Festro, Gweelok, Fart, Dingle, and Slog, come to Earth, and try to find a way for themselves and the humans to live together in harmony, but they keep running into different problems along the way.
Game show in which contestants win prizes if they can contort themselves to fit through various wall cut outs when the wall is coming toward them as they stand in front of a swimming pool. Human tetris!
This animated series follows 16-year-old Ben Tennyson, once again ready to take on enemies both human and alien. A few things have changed for the super-powered teen, who's now an international megastar superhero and loved by kids the world over.
After being infected by molecule-altering nanites, 15-year-old Rex develops the ability to grow incredible machines out of his body. Soon, he's recruited into a secret organization that's tasked with neutralizing the threat of mutated monsters.
To find peace after a long and bloody war, two kings declared a large piece of desert, the Yellow Belt, neutral territory, which neither king can claim.  But when it is discovered that there is oil in the Yellow Belt, one king breaks the peace treaty and begins drilling for oil.
Professor John Venkenheim leads a documentary film crew to the rim of the Arctic Circle in a desperate effort to vindicate his academic reputation. Venkenheim and his team search for the legendary monster, a creature mired in mystery and drenched in blood. What they find is an unspeakable truth more terrifying than any fictional nightmare from which there is no waking.
After serving a brutal tour of duty, veteran soldier Thomas Conrad is looking forward to a peaceful life at home with his family. But a drug cartel's ruthless enforcer has other plans for him.
Deep in New Jersey lurks an evil that only smart-mouthed fast-food superheroes Master Shake, Meatwad and Frylock can squelch in this off-the-wall animated series that pits the mismatched trio against monsters, aliens and their neighbor Carl.
Adopted by sweet-natured Muriel, Courage the Cowardly Dog lives on a farm near a town called Nowhere, where he protects Muriel and her grumpy husband, Eustace, from monsters and other creepy creatures.
When the grim reaper appeared to take their hamster's soul, Billy and Mandy made a bet with the ghoul and won. Now, Grim is forced to be their best friend -- a punishment filled with humiliation for the once-omnipotent entity.
The Cuylers are a down-on-their-luck hillbilly family living in rural Georgia. They also happen to be squids. This dark animated comedy follows the aquatic clan as they negotiate life with little money and no bones.
The Cuylers are a down-on-their-luck hillbilly family living in rural Georgia. They also happen to be squids. This dark animated comedy follows the aquatic clan as they negotiate life with little money and no bones.
On the run from the Russian mob, "Jon" and his family enter the witness protection program and simultaneously agree to star in their own reality show. But concealing their identities means wearing ski masks and having their voices surgically altered.
Composed of shorts that skewer medical shows, this satirical comedy follows the misadventures of clown makeup-wearing Dr. Blake Downs and other docs at a pediatric hospital where no one in his or her right mind would ever take a kid.
Composed of shorts that skewer medical shows, this satirical comedy follows the misadventures of clown makeup-wearing Dr. Blake Downs and other docs at a pediatric hospital where no one in his or her right mind would ever take a kid.
Batman travels to different times -- even to different dimensions -- to fight crime in this animated series, which finds the Caped Crusader teaming up with Green Arrow, Plastic Man and other superheroes to thwart a host of cunning villains.
Headquartered in a massive tree house, five 10-year-olds known as the Kids Next Door battle the forces that make young lives miserable, like candy-stealing pirates, evil dentists and kids who love homework.
In this colorful animated series, a trio known as the Problem Solverz -- oddball Roba, coolheaded Horace and his pizza-loving pet, Alfe -- works to right wrongs and unravel mysteries in the town of Farboro.
Thrasher and Blastus are two teen robots trying to make it through high school, as well as life, on the planet Insanus, where murderous robots seek to kill one another for no apparent reason.
Thrasher and Blastus are two teen robots trying to make it through high school, as well as life, on the planet Insanus, where murderous robots seek to kill one another for no apparent reason.
Batman travels to different times -- even to different dimensions -- to fight crime in this animated series, which finds the Caped Crusader teaming up with Green Arrow, Plastic Man and other superheroes to thwart a host of cunning villains.
Nikos Kazantzakis's landmark novel comes to life in director
A scheming college student is desperate to get home for Christmas so he can collect his gift: a vintage Porsche. Unfortunately, he's stranded in the desert with no money and no ID. Will losing everything help him find the real meaning of the holiday?

In
At the onset of the Spanish Civil War, a sheltered boy (
An upcoming visit from Louis XIV could bring great political and financial reward to a poor, gout-stricken prince, who entrusts his meticulous and versatile steward, Vatel, to plan three days of festivities for the king's stay.
Married Dan Gallagher gives in to the tantalizing flirtations of attractive Alex Forrest, and they embark on a steamy weekend fling. But Dan's passing indiscretion comes back to haunt him as an increasingly unhinged Alex refuses to let go.
In this classic comedy, three New York models (
Living on an enchanted island with his nubile daughter, the magician Prospero conjures a storm to shipwreck his enemies. But in the end, bringing them ashore could hasten his own demise.
When a girl is kidnapped from a prestigious prep school, homicide detective Alex Cross takes the case, teaming up with young security agent Jezzie Flannigan in hopes of finding the girl and stopping the brutal psychopath before it's too late.
To get over losing her boyfriend, Luc
To bounty hunters in this animated adventure series, Vash the Stampede is an outlaw with a massive price on his head. But to Meryl Stryfe and Milly Thompson of the Bernardelli Insurance Society, Vash is a walking disaster who has cost the company a fortune. On a distant, deserted planet that resembles America's Old West, Vash wanders from town to town, with Meryl and Milly in pursuit trying to minimize the destruction.
This special edition of the movie that shot
Writer Marie Adams and her husband head to a pastoral town for a relaxing holiday, only to discover a populace of satanic werewolves. But are the creatures real or figments of Marie's imagination?
In this erotic anime romp, young Yukinari must overcome his extreme fear of girls when he's magically transported to a world inhabited mostly by women. There he grows infatuated with a girl named Miharu, whom he wants to bring back home.
While visiting France, an American millionaire meets a striking young woman who was orphaned during World War II. Vowing to take care of her for the rest of her life, he anonymously funds her travel to the United States, where she attends college.
After venturing into China on a diplomatic mission, a group of Korean envoys is captured, accused of espionage and sent to a remote desert to die. Refusing to accept their fate, they make their way back to Korea and rescue a beautiful Ming princess.
A seemingly disparate group of men wake up in a locked-down warehouse with no knowledge of who they are or how they ended up in their present situation. The strangers must work together to figure out who's who in order to avoid execution.

College shenanigans take a terrifying turn when a group of students stay in an abandoned ranch house. The plan is part of a sorority prank, but all hell breaks loose when one student's secret search for a lost treasure awakens a ghostly evil.
As part of Fringe Division, eager young FBI agent Olivia Dunham uses experimental science to unravel the layers of mystery surrounding a series of dangerous -- and escalating -- paranormal events called the Pattern.
Three decades after assisting director Ren
Raised on tales of a Djinn fairy princess, Azur -- a young Frenchman -- goes to North Africa in search of the sprite, only to discover that his close childhood friend, Asmar -- an Arab youth whose mother raised both boys -- also seeks the genie.
Trying to come to terms with the death of a friend killed during a peaceful protest in Mexico, filmmaker
As part of Fringe Division, eager young FBI agent Olivia Dunham uses experimental science to unravel the layers of mystery surrounding a series of dangerous -- and escalating -- paranormal events called the Pattern.
Follow the extraordinary exploits of Rin Asogi, an immortal private detective with incredible fighting skills, a brilliant mind and a shadowy past, as she repeatedly perishes and comes back to life while taking odd jobs and fighting fearsome foes. This intriguing anime series also charts the mysterious movements of Apos, an almighty being who desperately desires to take Rin's immortality away from her.
Filmmaker
High-flying, weed-worshipping comedy duo
High school graduation is right around the bend, and Takumi has so much to look forward to. But having a reputation as one of the best downhill racers isn't enough -- he also has to prove it by coming through for a local all-star team. Before he does, he decides to challenge Emperor leader Kyouichi Sudou to a rematch and accept a challenge from a street racer whose father once rivaled Takumi's dad.
Russian maestro Andrey seizes a chance to reunite his orchestra and reclaim his life 30 years after politics destroyed his career. After intercepting an invitation sent to the Bolshoi, he gathers a ragtag band of ex-colleagues to realize his dream.
Personifying as children the nations of Germany, Japan, America, England and other Axis and Allied countries in World War II, this anime series follows the lads as they get into sticky situations that recall world events of the early 20th century.
Waking naked outside the White House, Akira Takizawa has no memory -- and his only clues are the gun and cell phone he holds in his hands. It turns out his phone gives him access to billions of yen, and he's connected to a recent terrorist attack. Akira soon discovers he's a key player in a deadly international game -- and if he doesn't get the rules right, he'll wind up dead in this anime adventure series.
As part of Fringe Division, eager young FBI agent Olivia Dunham uses experimental science to unravel the layers of mystery surrounding a series of dangerous -- and escalating -- paranormal events called the Pattern.
Personifying as children the nations of Germany, Japan, America, England and other Axis and Allied countries in World War II, this anime series follows the lads as they get into sticky situations that recall world events of the early 20th century.
As part of Fringe Division, eager young FBI agent Olivia Dunham uses experimental science to unravel the layers of mystery surrounding a series of dangerous -- and escalating -- paranormal events called the Pattern.
Branded a loser because of his tendency to fold under pressure, wimpy Minato Sahashi turns his life around after discovering he's an Ashikabi, a master whose genetic makeup lets him bond with and enhance the powers of lovely warriors called Sekirei.
Travel the narrow roads and treacherous passes of Japan's mountains, where daring racers challenge each another for bragging rights. The saga follows Takumi, who delivers his father's homemade tofu when he's not burning up the pavement.
In this anime series, underprivileged prep school student Hideki salvages a discarded old persecom -- a human-computer hybrid that all the rich kids have -- only to discover that his acquisition might be a chobit, a persecom with extraordinary power.
In this anime thriller based on the popular series, young Saki journeys to New York to find her missing friend Akira Takizawa -- a mysterious man who thwarted a missile attack against Japan -- and save him from the dangerous Sele
Travel the narrow roads and treacherous passes of Japan's mountains, where daring racers challenge each another for bragging rights. The saga follows Takumi, who delivers his father's homemade tofu when he's not burning up the pavement.
Waking naked outside the White House, Akira Takizawa has no memory -- and his only clues are the gun and cell phone he holds in his hands. It turns out his phone gives him access to billions of yen, and he's connected to a recent terrorist attack. Akira soon discovers he's a key player in a deadly international game -- and if he doesn't get the rules right, he'll wind up dead in this anime adventure series.
Hollywood might think he's a has-been, but wayward director Harris Chappell is determined to reboot his career with a high-profile Broadway show. Trouble is, he's got no idea what he's getting himself into.
Armed with new knowledge that his estranged Jewish father suffered mercilessly at the hands of a sadistic SS officer in the 1940s, a now-retired rock star travels to America, where the ex-Nazi war criminal remains alive.
The insatiable undead run amok in this gore-filled horror flick, which follows a band of humans who've survived a virus that has turned the rest of the world into zombies. Our heroes hear about a sanctuary near the sea -- but is it true, or a trap?
As part of Fringe Division, eager young FBI agent Olivia Dunham uses experimental science to unravel the layers of mystery surrounding a series of dangerous -- and escalating -- paranormal events called the Pattern.
In this anime series, underprivileged prep school student Hideki salvages a discarded old persecom -- a human-computer hybrid that all the rich kids have -- only to discover that his acquisition might be a chobit, a persecom with extraordinary power.
The young and impulsive Taito, who happens to be a powerful star reincarnated as a human, vows to join the alliance of seven warrior stars and end the deadly reign of the murderous Lord Keiro, who searches for a sword that will make him invincible.
To bounty hunters in this animated adventure series, Vash the Stampede is an outlaw with a massive price on his head. But to Meryl Stryfe and Milly Thompson of the Bernardelli Insurance Society, Vash is a walking disaster who has cost the company a fortune. On a distant, deserted planet that resembles America's Old West, Vash wanders from town to town, with Meryl and Milly in pursuit trying to minimize the destruction.
Branded a loser because of his tendency to fold under pressure, wimpy Minato Sahashi turns his life around after discovering he's an Ashikabi, a master whose genetic makeup lets him bond with and enhance the powers of lovely warriors called Sekirei.
Follow the extraordinary exploits of Rin Asogi, an immortal private detective with incredible fighting skills, a brilliant mind and a shadowy past, as she repeatedly perishes and comes back to life while taking odd jobs and fighting fearsome foes. This intriguing anime series also charts the mysterious movements of Apos, an almighty being who desperately desires to take Rin's immortality away from her.
The young and impulsive Taito, who happens to be a powerful star reincarnated as a human, vows to join the alliance of seven warrior stars and end the deadly reign of the murderous Lord Keiro, who searches for a sword that will make him invincible.
In Victorian London, 12-year-old business magnate Ciel Phantomhive thwarts dangers to the queen as he's watched over by his demon butler, Sebastian. In exchange for Ciel's soul, Sebastian will help him track down the villains who killed his parents.
Set in a post-apocalyptic future where humans have been banished to depressed nomadic communities, this anime series follows a talented but mysterious young fighter named Layfon, who enrolls in a military academy. But it soon becomes clear that Layfon's skills are far more advanced than those of the other students, which he uses to help his schoolmates battle the Contaminoids, an alien race that now rules the planet.
In this erotic anime romp, young Yukinari must overcome his extreme fear of girls when he's magically transported to a world inhabited mostly by women. There he grows infatuated with a girl named Miharu, whom he wants to bring back home.
Travel the narrow roads and treacherous passes of Japan's mountains, where daring racers challenge each another for bragging rights. The saga follows Takumi, who delivers his father's homemade tofu when he's not burning up the pavement.
Personifying as children the nations of Germany, Japan, America, England and other Axis and Allied countries in World War II, this anime series follows the lads as they get into sticky situations that recall world events of the early 20th century.
After years of relentless bullying, Kenichi Shirahama learns martial arts from master Miu Furinji, who shows him the way to adventure. Taking on his adversaries, Kenichi discovers more about himself and the injustices of the world.
This family-friendly adventure finds Budderball, Buddha and their adorable puppy pals heading to the sands of Egypt, where they brave ancient tombs and other dangers in a quest to find Cleocatra's legendary lost collar.

David and Kari's perfect life is shattered when their 6-year-old daughter is kidnapped -- but their marriage is about to take another blow. As the crisis intensifies, secrets surface that threaten the only thing they could count on: each other.
Close friends Devil Anse Hatfield and Randall McCoy return to their neighboring homes after the Civil War -- Hatfield in West Virginia, McCoy across the river in Kentucky -- to building tensions and resentments that soon explode into warfare.
When he takes the job of sheriff of the little town of Eureka, Ore., ex-U.S. marshal Jack Carter (

Join Papi and his two- and four-legged family as they move into a posh Beverly Hills hotel, complete with a luxurious doggy spa. But there's trouble in paradise when Rosa, the littlest member of the pack, feels smaller and less special than ever.
This richly imagined anime series tells the story of Allen Walker, a youth with a special kind of vision that destines him to be an exorcist. Seeking out other exorcists, Allen joins their ranks and scours the world for the weapon of Innocence.
There's no shortage of love on Valentine's Day when King Julian dons an alluring perfume with magical powers. Then, with Christmas in the air, Private the penguin gets stuck in a stocking and needs help from his pals to get out.
Travel the narrow roads and treacherous passes of Japan's mountains, where daring racers challenge each another for bragging rights. The saga follows Takumi, who delivers his father's homemade tofu when he's not burning up the pavement.
Writer Joss Whedon brings a 21st century vision of the X-Men to this motion comic series. Cyclops and Emma Frost plan to reform the X-Men's purpose is derailed when a "cure" for mutants is discovered, and ferocious enemies test them to their limits.
There's no shortage of love on Valentine's Day when King Julian dons an alluring perfume with magical powers. Then, with Christmas in the air, Private the penguin gets stuck in a stocking and needs help from his pals to get out.
Set in a post-apocalyptic future where humans have been banished to depressed nomadic communities, this anime series follows a talented but mysterious young fighter named Layfon, who enrolls in a military academy. But it soon becomes clear that Layfon's skills are far more advanced than those of the other students, which he uses to help his schoolmates battle the Contaminoids, an alien race that now rules the planet.
After years of relentless bullying, Kenichi Shirahama learns martial arts from master Miu Furinji, who shows him the way to adventure. Taking on his adversaries, Kenichi discovers more about himself and the injustices of the world.
In Victorian London, 12-year-old business magnate Ciel Phantomhive thwarts dangers to the queen as he's watched over by his demon butler, Sebastian. In exchange for Ciel's soul, Sebastian will help him track down the villains who killed his parents.
Gifted with incredible athletic talent, Brazilian-born Heleno de Freitas conquered the soccer world in the 1940s. As his fame and fortune grew to new heights, his passion for a decadent life of women and nightclubs threatened his career.
Writer Joss Whedon brings a 21st century vision of the X-Men to this motion comic series. Cyclops and Emma Frost plan to reform the X-Men's purpose is derailed when a "cure" for mutants is discovered, and ferocious enemies test them to their limits.
Writer Joss Whedon brings a 21st century vision of the X-Men to this motion comic series. Cyclops and Emma Frost plan to reform the X-Men's purpose is derailed when a "cure" for mutants is discovered, and ferocious enemies test them to their limits.
After years of relentless bullying, Kenichi Shirahama learns martial arts from master Miu Furinji, who shows him the way to adventure. Taking on his adversaries, Kenichi discovers more about himself and the injustices of the world.
In London to visit an old school friend, a young girl is unwittingly plunged into the ruthless world of the rock star groupie. Fueled by sex, drugs and jealousy, her new lifestyle fosters in her a cold, cynical instinct for survival.
Profiling the stylistic garishness of the mods, the anti-establishment posturing of the rockers and the lonely lives of pinball addicts, director Arnold Miller exposes the hidden desires and vices behind the exterior of 1960s English life.
Reinforcing pet lovers' suspicions that their four-legged friends are really humans in disguise, the Twisted Whiskers gang never fails to amuse with their wild -- and slightly warped -- shenanigans.
In
One of the greatest artistic and technical achievements of the German silent cinema,
There's never a dull moment with Pingu! His Antarctic adventures include his sister, Pinga, and his cool penguin friends, who often find themselves on thin ice as they learn life lessons, usually in a hilarious way.
The grisly murder of a teenager has everyone in the small town of Hemlock Grove frantically asking who committed the gruesome crime, but as the mystery deepens and the danger grows, a better question might be not who did it, but what.
A mysterious murder reveals the dark truths lurking beneath the deceptively placid surface of a small former steel town in this original series based on the acclaimed gothic horror novel by Brian McGreevy.
On the way to attend his father's funeral,
After getting off to a rocky start, two exchange students in Barcelona -- Sun and Lucas -- find themselves falling in love. With only a year to be together, they're determined to make it the happiest one of their lives.
Close friends Devil Anse Hatfield and Randall McCoy return to their neighboring homes after the Civil War -- Hatfield in West Virginia, McCoy across the river in Kentucky -- to building tensions and resentments that soon explode into warfare.
Reinforcing pet lovers' suspicions that their four-legged friends are really humans in disguise, the Twisted Whiskers gang never fails to amuse with their wild -- and slightly warped -- shenanigans.
In Justin's dreams, he and his imaginary friends Olive and Squidgy travel around the world learning about nature and other cultures. Together, they sail the high seas, go tracking in the Austrailian Outback and more.
An adaptation of Madame Butterfly, the tragic romance HARAKIRI indulged Lang's fascination with Asian culture and Orientalist design. Filmed on the outskirts of Berlin, Lang strived for authenticity, and obtained sets and costumes from the Hamburg Anthropological Museum.
With only 24 hours to find an antidote, the best agent in the business goes up against megalomaniacal scientist Dr. Ramsey and a deadly virus that's been earmarked for mass destruction.
Sent to an austere, all-girls boarding school after the death of her parents, spunky orphan Manuela von Meinhardis (
Filmed over the course of several years, this documentary follows Kansas native

Documentarians

Focusing on nine Michelin-starred chefs from three continents, filmmaker
Identical twins Louise and
This documentary follows a team of actors, playwrights and activists in Uganda who use theater to help former child soldiers or sex slaves that escaped their abductors cope with the traumatic experiences they've been through.
Aiming to boost the adoption of shelter pets, this uplifting documentary focuses on the success stories, including dogs trained as service animals for the disabled and others who are helping returning war veterans with post-traumatic stress disorder.
When the new Pontypandy Mountain Railway line opens, Fireman Sam and his team face a number of tall challenges, including a collapsing water tower, mountain-climbing mishaps and some sticky situations back at headquarters.
This documentary tells the story of early 20th-century serial killer Carl Panzram, who wrote his autobiography at the urging of Henry Lesser, a prison guard with whom he forged a strange friendship.
Pingu spends his days in the South Pole with his family and friends, but the mischievous penguin always manages to get himself into slippery situations. Grab your sled and join the fun and excitement with everyone's favorite little penguin.
Genre-defying comedian, actor and director
In this crime thriller set in the 1970s, mob boss Renzo and his crew wreak havoc on the streets, leaving bodies wherever they go. But Detective Womack will stop at nothing to bring the thugs to justice, even if it means breaking the law.
Oscar-winning actor-director
This extremely violent, darkly comic film centers on Benny, an ordinary man thrust into the vices and violence of the Mexican drug trade. While he enjoys his new lifestyle, Benny soon begins to question what he has become.
Performance artist
In this funny, eye-opening, and inspiring film, Director and Webby Awards Founder
Rich and
Rich and

In 1976 Montreal, eight people who want to see and be seen at the trendiest disco end up juggling fame and anonymity until they are forced to make sober choices in an era when excess is the norm, and when disco is king.
This engrossing documentary follows renowned German art-book publisher and quirky perfectionist
When they rent out their guest cottage to a mysterious romance novelist, a suburban couple wakes up in a nightmare, unable to protect themselves from the danger lurking in their own backyard.

After barely surviving an intensely grueling boot camp in Uzbekistan, an eclectic group of recently enlisted Soviet soldiers ships off to fight in Afghanistan, where they must endure hellish conditions and extremely dangerous mujahedeen forces.
During an innocent slumber party, an arrogant girl organizes a competitive game of dares, challenging her friends to pull off incredibly risky stunts. As the night unfolds, the teens slowly unravel, turn on one another and uncover shocking secrets.
Tae-Sik is a widower with a mysterious past. When a young girl he befriends is kidnapped by a vicious drug gang, Tae-Sik rushes to save her. Hell-bent on justice after being framed by the nasty criminals, he takes the law into his own hands.

In this sequel set in the world of horse racing, half-brothers Ranvir and Rajiv Singh return for another complex tale of love, greed and violence. Also returning for the second feature is Inspector Robert D'Costa, still on the brothers' case.
Go behind the scenes of brutal murders with mind-blowing twists. Find out how a dentist from a sleepy town ended up lying in a pool of blood, who is behind a series of murders in a college town and more.
In this creepy thriller, an emergency power shutdown in London leaves four friends trapped by random circumstances in a cavernous storage facility. Before long, the group realizes that something lethal is inside the darkened warehouse with them.
Will is struggling at his law firm, and his heart isn't in his work. But one day, everything changes. Will's father dies, and he inherits half a house, guardianship of his half sister and a greyhound racing dog with an unpredictable trainer.

In this ABC Family drama series, a pair of unsuspecting teens discover they were accidentally switched at birth, setting off a chain reaction of life-altering changes to the families they've always known.


An example of 25 frames per second. An example of 25 frames per second. An example of 23.976 frames per second. An example of 25 frames per second. An example of 23.976 frames per second. An example of 25 frames per second.
Irish immigrant Mark Muir works on construction of the doomed RMS Titanic while hiding his Catholic heritage from the project's Protestant financiers. As the ship is built, Muir falls in love amid the tensions of the period and Muir's own past.
Irish immigrant Mark Muir works on construction of the doomed RMS Titanic while hiding his Catholic heritage from the project's Protestant financiers. As the ship is built, Muir falls in love amid the tensions of the period and Muir's own past.
After she is chosen to be queen, young Esther has to intervene on behalf of her people when her husband, the king, is tricked into having them all sent away to the Island of Perpetual Tickling, in this episode based on the Biblical book of Esther.
After viewing a scary Frankencelery movie, Junior Asparagus works through his fear of monsters to learn that God is bigger than the boogeyman. Also, the Veggies adapt a classic Bible story in "Daniel and the Lions' Den."

In the city that never sleeps, love abounds 24/7. At the caf
When a powerful cabal in China's Qing Dynasty conspires to ruin their wealthy rival, Su Qi-Er, they don't stop until he is driven to the streets and stripped of his home, his money and his standing among men.
Living simply and using a bicycle to get around New York, 80-year-old photographer
In this VeggieTales take on happy endings, the jealous Queen Blueberry sets her sights on Sweetpea Beauty, a ravishing rhubarb who's the prettiest in the land. But when the Queen's magic mirror cracks, Sweetpea's true beauty really shines through.
Discover the the origins of jolly ol' St. Nick in this VeggieTales Christmas special, which features Bob the Tomato relating the tale of how young boy Nicholas followed in the footsteps of his parents, who were dedicated to helping those in need.
Sweet-natured family guy Stewart could've been a football star, but now he works in a toy factory that's in big trouble, so when a mysterious conductor offers him a seat on the "What If" train, Stewart hops aboard the time-traveling machine.

Pro football player Kyle Bishop was a rising star when everything changed, forcing him into retirement when he should be hitting his peak. With his dreams of gridiron glory forever shattered, Kyle tries to start life over at the age of 25.
Bad girl Rachel, an aspiring young songwriter, finds her life change dramatically when she falls for the woman staying in the family guest house, a wholesome college graduate fresh to California from the cornfields of Iowa.
Strangers find themselves isolated by a wealthy madman on his island compound, where they are forced into a horrifying gauntlet of ever-deadlier species of sharks in this horror shocker.
This rousing documentary examines how protesters dedicated to democracy and nonviolence have changed the political landscapes in five tumultuous countries -- Venezuela, Egypt, Malaysia, Ukraine and Zimbabwe -- that have been ruled by corrupt regimes.
This inspiring documentary focuses on Polish violinist Bronislaw Huberman, who rescued hundreds of Jews from the Holocaust and founded the globally renowned orchestra that would eventually become the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra.
A gamer clan made up of three luckless, aging gamers and an asthmatic adolescent, are forced to "Frag Up" and road trip to Los Angeles in order to enter the Cyberbowl Video Game Championships.
When pregnant, 12-year-old Tui tries to kill herself in a freezing New Zealand lake, Detective Robin Griffin has plenty of questions for the girl. But when Tui suddenly disappears, Griffin finds herself knee-deep in small-town secrets.
When pregnant, 12-year-old Tui tries to kill herself in a freezing New Zealand lake, Detective Robin Griffin has plenty of questions for the girl. But when Tui suddenly disappears, Griffin finds herself knee-deep in small-town secrets.
Five friends connected by their strong faith and belief in God set out to make a difference in the world following graduation. Their ambitions are high, their passions are strong, but will they have the courage to fulfill their calling?
Filmmaker Angelo J. Guglielmo Jr. discusses the truth about 9/11 "survivor"
A late nineteenth century suicide of a mad woman comes to have terrible consequences in the present era. A ghostly hidden destiny unleashes a horror story, awakening the uncontrollable fears of our protagonist.
In Justin's dreams, he and his imaginary friends Olive and Squidgy travel around the world learning about nature and other cultures. Together, they sail the high seas, go tracking in the Austrailian Outback and more.
Called to action by a planet in peril, three friends hit the road to explore every state in America in search of the extraordinary innovators and citizens who are tackling humanity's greatest environmental crises.
Kiera Cameron is a police officer in 2077 swept along when a gang of condemned terrorists escapes their sentences by traveling back in time to 2012. Before she can travel back home to the future, Kiera has to stop the escapees from altering the past.
Kiera Cameron is a police officer in 2077 swept along when a gang of condemned terrorists escapes their sentences by traveling back in time to 2012. Before she can travel back home to the future, Kiera has to stop the escapees from altering the past.
While indulging his appetite for the grim and gruesome by patronizing a voyeuristic Web site that's based in a house where a serial killer once lived, a hearing-impaired boy begins to suspect that the site's violence is more than just make-believe.
This evocative drama examines culture shock, the universal yearning for connection, and the impact of history on ordinary people in the tale of Atsuko and Rintaro, Japanese siblings who come to California to visit a World War II-era internment camp.


Four people offer an unusual service: They take on the role of a deceased loved one to help the bereaved family find closure. But one member of the group travels deeper into this distortion of reality after a 16-year-old tennis player dies.

After Fiona, a woman claiming to be a fairy, arrives at the tiny hotel where Dom works the night shift, the two form a bond and engage in a series of charming high jinks. But when Fiona vanishes, Dom goes on a desperate search for her.
After hired killer Tul is shot in the head during an assignment gone wrong, he awakens from a long coma to discover that he sees everything upside down. As he pursues his mission, Tul recalls how he traveled the path from dedicated cop to assassin.
With its groundbreaking use of open-source software, this experimental animated short tells the tale of Proog and Emo, two men who live in a capricious, seemingly infinite machine with a sinister purpose.
When the mangled corpse of a local teenager is discovered, rumor and suspicion spread like a plague through Hemlock Grove. As dark secrets bubble to the surface, everyone becomes a suspect in the hunt for a monster that may be hiding in plain sight.

Set in 1860s New York City, this gripping crime series centers on rugged Irish cop Kevin Corcoran, who works the notorious Five Points neighborhood -- and who's on a mission to learn the truth about his wife's disappearance and his daughter's death.
When the mangled corpse of a local teenager is discovered, rumor and suspicion spread like a plague through Hemlock Grove. As dark secrets bubble to the surface, everyone becomes a suspect in the hunt for a monster that may be hiding in plain sight.
When the mangled corpse of a local teenager is discovered, rumor and suspicion spread like a plague through Hemlock Grove. As dark secrets bubble to the surface, everyone becomes a suspect in the hunt for a monster that may be hiding in plain sight.
Set in 1860s New York City, this gripping crime series centers on rugged Irish cop Kevin Corcoran, who works the notorious Five Points neighborhood -- and who's on a mission to learn the truth about his wife's disappearance and his daughter's death.
Thirteen-year-old Libi is sent to Israel to join her father, Shaul, a wiz at white lies. But it doesn't take long for her to chafe at his lifestyle. Soon, she begins to unravel the web of lies her father has constructed around him.
This documentary chronicles the extraordinary efforts of

Hoping to impress a foxy divorcee, ladies' man Nick offers to take her two kids on an extended road trip. But Nick isn't prepared for the mischievous duo's antics, as they expertly chase off any guy who makes a move on their mother.
Nearly 50 years after the first iconic concert posters, meet contemporary artists who've brought gig posters into the mainstream. This documentary profiles
Joe, a laid-back dope dealer full of magnetic charisma, and Belle, a forlorn yet irresistibly sensual crazy girl, fall madly in love against the backdrop of a wild cross-country getaway after they accidentally kill a guy.
Javier Fern
An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.


Thrown out of the elite dance studio he founded, Vishnu's spirits rebound when he sees young street dancers prepping for an annual contest. Taking on the role of their mentor, he sets out to mold them into an award-winning dance crew.

This series turns its cameras on JJK, a security firm in rural Georgia with big dreams and an employee roster out of central casting. From the fame-hungry boss to the plaid-clad salesman to the gung-ho guard, fictional TV has nothing on this office.
This series turns its cameras on JJK, a security firm in rural Georgia with big dreams and an employee roster out of central casting. From the fame-hungry boss to the plaid-clad salesman to the gung-ho guard, fictional TV has nothing on this office.
While covering the war in Afghanistan, journalist Elsa Casanova is kidnapped by the Taliban and faces execution, and the Special Forces unit sent to rescue her ends up in a life-or-death chase of their own.
On the run from the cops in New York City, two enterprising crooks flee to Miami where they set up shop with a new scam. But the pair's scheme quickly arouses the interest of local police and the ire of Miami's established criminal element.
The Dream Is Now tells the moving story of those directly affected by a broken immigration system, the undocumented children of immigrants who yearn to contribute more to the country they call home.
In this sign-of-the-times reality show, six victims of the economic downturn decide they have a better chance of striking gold then finding new jobs. As a result, the Oregonians soon find themselves in Porcupine Creek, Alaska, panning for ore.
Every day is an adventure for the Tweto clan and the employees of their rugged family business -- Era Alaska airline -- in this reality show. Bad weather, tough terrain and dangerous cargo keep the crew hopping as they struggle to serve rural Alaska.
A rise in ocean temperatures creates a massive hurricane the size of Australia that sweeps cities into the stratosphere and tears a hole in the ozone. Will this be the end for all life on earth?

Pizza boy Philip J. Fry awakens in the 31st century after 1,000 years of cryogenic preservation in this animated series. After he gets a job at an interplanetary delivery service, Fry embarks on ridiculous escapades to make sense of his predicament.
Pizza boy Philip J. Fry awakens in the 31st century after 1,000 years of cryogenic preservation in this animated series. After he gets a job at an interplanetary delivery service, Fry embarks on ridiculous escapades to make sense of his predicament.
Pizza boy Philip J. Fry awakens in the 31st century after 1,000 years of cryogenic preservation in this animated series. After he gets a job at an interplanetary delivery service, Fry embarks on ridiculous escapades to make sense of his predicament.
Pizza boy Philip J. Fry awakens in the 31st century after 1,000 years of cryogenic preservation in this animated series. After he gets a job at an interplanetary delivery service, Fry embarks on ridiculous escapades to make sense of his predicament.
Pizza boy Philip J. Fry awakens in the 31st century after 1,000 years of cryogenic preservation in this animated series. After he gets a job at an interplanetary delivery service, Fry embarks on ridiculous escapades to make sense of his predicament.
Pizza boy Philip J. Fry awakens in the 31st century after 1,000 years of cryogenic preservation in this animated series. After he gets a job at an interplanetary delivery service, Fry embarks on ridiculous escapades to make sense of his predicament.
Pizza boy Philip J. Fry awakens in the 31st century after 1,000 years of cryogenic preservation in this animated series. After he gets a job at an interplanetary delivery service, Fry embarks on ridiculous escapades to make sense of his predicament.
Pizza boy Philip J. Fry awakens in the 31st century after 1,000 years of cryogenic preservation in this animated series. After he gets a job at an interplanetary delivery service, Fry embarks on ridiculous escapades to make sense of his predicament.
When his wife and daughter are brutally murdered in a random act, Army drill sergeant John North takes to the streets to seek revenge. But when he discovers that the killer is under federal protection, North has to get creative to achieve his goal.
Hoping to impress attractive adventuress Diana, scheming Buzz introduces his friend Stanley as a veteran safari hunter. Thinking the men may be able to help her exploit a remote diamond mine, Diana ropes the duo into joining her African expedition.
Framed as a play within a film, this surreal adaptation of Oscar Wilde's "Salome" -- the tale of a biblical temptress -- follows the dramatist as he watches a performance of his title work while lounging in a bordello with his lover.
Weaving together three stories featuring a burger-loving hit man, his philosophical partner and a washed-up boxer,
A coldhearted yuppie connects with the ghosts of four people who died as he was being born. Their time in limbo is drawing to a close, and to avoid being dumped by his girlfriend, he must help them fulfill their final wishes.
Following in the hip-hop comedy tradition of Friday and House Party, slacker Derrick King is an Irish kid who thinks of himself as black, having been raised by a black family in South-Central Los Angeles.
Ben Stiles loves to scare people. But he's about to get the fright of his life when the mysterious wailing ghost of Wickwire House beckons Ben and his friend Katherine into the eerie world of the supernatural. Who is she? And what does she want?
Marty has always wondered what it would be like to share a bed with two women, and persuades his reluctant wife, Laura, to try it. The experience fulfills his wildest dreams ... until Laura morphs into a sex machine who seduces every woman in sight.
Despite its superb cuisine, an Italian restaurant run by immigrant brothers verges on bankruptcy. But the siblings risk it all to save their bistro when they get the chance to cook up a feast for bandleader Louis Prima.
Unbeknownst to Joe, he holds the secret to interdimensional travel in the form of a pendant left by his father. But when a beautiful resistance fighter turns up in Joe's dorm one night, he's drawn into a battle to save Earth.
Todd, an aspiring cartoonist, plans to attend Harvard, but his tyrannical calculus teacher stands in his way. Plus, Todd's romancing his beautiful tutor, who happens to be the teacher's wife.
After two deputies arrive at a crime scene along deserted Route 9, they find seven dead bodies and a suitcase stuffed with $1.5 million. With no survivors and no apparent witnesses, the lawmen hatch a seemingly foolproof plan to split the loot.
When cop John Keller infiltrates death row to uncover the truth behind the execution of several inmates, he finds himself forced to fight in the ultimate
Follow the lives of everyday Londoners who are doing their best to navigate everyday chaos. From Balkan refugees to unexpected pregnancies, from unwanted boyfriends to unwanted legs, these ordinary people find their lives are inexplicably entwined.
Sir Richard Naylor and Lady Myra play host to an odd assortment of family and friends and their attendant traumas. When one more guest -- Lady Myra's childhood friend Marda Norton -- is added to the mix, an emotional fuse is lit.
With computer genius Luther Stickell at his side and a beautiful thief on his mind, agent Ethan Hunt races across Australia and Spain to stop a former IMF agent from unleashing a genetically engineered biological weapon called Chimera.
When a high-class call girl is arrested and her high-profile client list threatens to go public, someone resorts to murder to keep the list a secret. Meanwhile, the judge on the case struggles with his dilemma and one cop aims to find the killer.
When the new CEO of a weapons manufacturer learns that the company is secretly developing the ultimate killing machine -- a half-man, half-machine that tracks its victims by sensing fear -- she tries to get rid of both the weapon and its creator.
In this engrossing sci-fi tale, teen computer genius Kyle Baxter is thrilled when he wins the chance to play a live version of his favorite video game. But Kyle doesn't realize that he's pitted against a robot programmed to kill.
When his new identity is compromised, a former hit man now in the Witness Protection Program teams up with a half-baked computer whiz kid to protect his family from vengeful mobsters in this action-packed crime thriller.
As single mother Rita Ronaldi struggles to earn a living to support herself and her sickly 13-year-old son, Matt, trouble crops up when he falls under the influence of a juvenile delinquent -- who soon leads Matt astray.

In 1849 on the French fishing island of Saint Pierre, Ariel Neel Auguste awaits execution for murder under the watchful eye of the captain of the island guard, who is waiting for a guillotine to arrive from the mainland.
English aristocrat Lara Croft, skilled in hand-to-hand combat, must recover antiquities lost in a secret society. She meets her match in the evil Powell, who's in search of a powerful relic.
After a childhood spent going from one abusive foster home to the next, Susan seeks revenge on the mother who abandoned her. Susan's search leads her to a ranch where her long-lost sister begins to suspect the beautiful drifter isn't who she claims.
Tired of being thought of only as a friend while macho oafs waltz off with the girl, a "nice guy" schoolteacher takes a different approach with women by acting like a creep. But his new tack backfires when he falls for a beautiful veterinarian.
When slackers Waylon and Buzz manage to find the only store in town that carries the discontinued junk food their dates are craving, they decide to break in -- but then they can't break out.
Surfers Bog Hall and Zack Jardine and filmmaker Cecily Herrold and her crew hit Australia to chronicle the latest extreme sport -- blood surfing -- where board riders chum shark-infested waves to get the ultimate rush.
Matthew begins stalking his ex-girlfriend Liz following their breakup, distressing her with his obsessive presence in her life. Liz's new beau wants to make sure Matthew stays away, so he turns the tables on her ex.
A milquetoast accountant (
Distraught over the murder of his girlfriend, an artist gains a lust for revenge after striking a deal with an agent of the devil. But as his taste for blood transforms him into a monster, he begins to doubt he'll ever escape his infernal debt.
Trying to escape his thuggish roots, Jimmy follows his dreams of becoming an actor and lands a role in a production of "Macbeth." But being center stage might not be such a good idea when he witnesses a brutal mob murder.
After a stint in the underground world of amateur backyard wrestling, two buddies enlist a promoter to chronicle their exploits on the Internet -- and the duo soon becomes a cybersensation. But as their fame grows, so do the grappling challenges.
About to commit suicide, depressed bank teller Shawn is taken hostage by bank robber Charlie. Shawn agrees to help Charlie escape from the cops as long he promises to kill her later, and the two set off on a series of wild adventures together.
For David and his friends, Cory, Mike  and Brett, gambling is a way of life -- no bet is too big. But in this game of winner-take-all, there's more than just money at stake. Their friendships -- and lives -- are on the line.
After awakening to a nightmare world in which he has no face, features or identity, Henry Creedlow -- stripped of all he's ever known -- sets out to destroy those who've betrayed him, including his two-timing wife and his belittling boss.
Virgil Guppy buys a sleek-looking used Jaguar, but the car turns out to be a lemon. Unfortunately, that's just the start of his problems; a dead prostitute is discovered in the trunk, and Virgil is accused of her murder.
Businesswoman Sarah unearths a crime involving a powerful factory owner in this small-town horror story. As Sarah investigates, local teens camp out at an abandoned asylum, unaware the place is haunted by a killer with ties to the mysterious crime.
When the handsome stranger they've invited to join them for a cruise aboard a luxury yacht suddenly disappears, a trio of spoiled young friends begins to become unhinged as they discuss how to resolve the situation.
Soon after Molly joins a college study group fixated on solving a local campus murder, the students realize that the killer's modus operandi mirrors that of London's legendary Jack the Ripper.
Determined to find a way to defend herself from her boyfriend's physical abuse, a young woman stumbles into a local boxing gym and discovers that she has a wealth of untapped potential perfect for the professional fight circuit.
Emotionally scarred after serving in the Gulf War, soldier Quinn Taylor returns to his Arizona home, only to learn that his father plans to sell their land to a drug lord. Determined to interrupt the sale, Taylor goes to war with a powerful cartel.
Caesar and his older brother, Kiko, have grown up in a rough Chicago neighborhood. Caesar wants to join Kiko's gang, but Kiko is desperate to keep him off the streets. In or out, the violent realities of gang life threaten to destroy both boys.
A young couple buys an old home on a beautiful island, but the house is haunted by a seductive ghost who's lonely and looking for a new lover. The ghost eventually sets her sights on the husband and tries to scare away his pregnant wife.
New hire Ben Madigan comes under the tutelage of jaded John Kreisky, who uses Ben's innocence to his advantage, enlisting the young man in an "experiment." What seems like a plan to save the company money turns into an elaborate scam to defraud it.
When a bunch of eighth-grade Catholic school students get caught drawing an obscene comic book, they seek revenge for their punishment -- and a reputation as school legends -- by planning a prank on the mean, one-legged nun who nabbed them.
Featuring previously classified battle footage and an introduction by U.S. secretary of defense
This true story follows the psychological collapse of cop Karl, whose partner is murdered in front of him. Karl tries to put his life back together while wrestling with the guilt of surviving the ordeal and letting the killers get away.
Scientist Eva Soderstrom works on the "super-collider," a project which could solve the planet's energy problems. But when the collider is unintentionally activated, the world is suddenly threatened -- and Soderstrom has 24 hours to save Earth!
In this creepy thriller, a graduate student in psychology -- who has always harbored a nagging fear of the dark -- is forced to confront her worst nightmare when a frightening real-life event triggers old memories.
Pickpocket Deech steals a painting by struggling artist Gus to pay his back rent, claiming the work belongs to a talented artist named Buonardi. Soon, "Buonardi's" work is in huge demand -- which forces a reluctant partnership between Gus and Deech.
When the mayor's cousin is brutally murdered, a deputy D.A. is one of the few who doesn't think it's an open-and-shut case. Spurred on by memories of a previous wrongful conviction, he defies his boss to pursue his investigation to the bitter end.
Young Jim Hawkins and peg-legged Long John Silver set sail for adventure in Robert Louis Stevenson's classic tale of dastardly pirates, swashbuckling heroes, buried treasure and a young boy's amazing courage.
After having a one-night-stand with an aspiring screenwriter, a New York City plumber, frustrated about the way his vocation is perceived by women, steals the writer's script and poses as a director to improve his chances in the dating arena.
In this pseudo-autobiography of
Director
Using a stolen video camera, a 13-year-old boy captures the gritty, day-to-day realities of gang life. But when LAPD detectives find a cache of the tapes on one of their busts, they use them to look for leads concerning criminal activity.
About to be put out to pasture after suffering a heart attack, a traveling diamond salesman reluctantly concedes to train his replacement, who's a brash novice. Though the two men get off to a rocky start, they soon develop an unexpected bond.
When a woman is brutally violated, her angered boyfriend and ex-boyfriend team up to track down the rapist and take justice into their own hands. This French thriller chronicles the unspeakable horror of rape and the aftermath of revenge.
In this modern retelling of the Greek comedy "Lysistrata," a young woman concocts an ingenious method to cut down on the crime in her neighborhood by convincing her girlfriends to withhold sex from their gangster boyfriends until the violence stops.
After six years in prison, Gilly wants to use the money from his criminal past to start a new life. But his partner in crime no longer has the cash and insists on one last high-risk scam: swindling a deal between a gangster and an arms supplier.
Young wife Annie stumbles into a remote town, half-crazed, claiming to have murdered her drunken, abusive husband. The local constable must decide whether her story is true, and what the penalty should be for her actions.
After Earth is taken over by vampires, a defrocked priest and a militant atheist make strange bedfellows, joining forces in an attempt to save the planet and eradicate the plague of the undead.
Director
Sassy, sexy detective Della Wilder and her partner investigate a homicide case in which the main suspect is the victim's former lover. But when a second murder occurs, the evidence suggests that a big pharmaceutical company may be involved.
After losing his restaurant, Donald makes a deal with his gardener, Miguel: If Donald will marry Miguel's beautiful but irritating sister, guaranteeing her a green card, Donald will get his own brand-new restaurant, all expenses paid.
When the Best and Black families last reunited, tempers flared and fights ensued. But this summer, everyone's determined to keep the peace. Will they be successful? This comedy mines the humor from large family get-togethers.
Shy college student Sara, who spends her time solving mental games and riddles for fun, begins to wonder whether she's part of someone else's game when her friends start dying one by one.
Three recent high school grads -- star athlete Hancock, his cheerleader girlfriend, Mary, and the awkward Senator -- aim to leave their small town behind and realize big dreams, but their idealistic plans collide with life's harsh realities.
College student Jack launches an investigation into his wealthy father's death when he suspects that his mother and his uncle were involved. His suspicions seem cemented when the two announce their impending marriage.
When the dysfunctional Cleveland clan -- led by eccentric soda tycoon Eugene -- is forced to wait out a twister on the patriarch's estate in rural Kansas, the family mansion may be too small for this group of colorful oddballs.
When a cluster of religious women wrongly accuse the local high school cheerleaders of producing and disseminating porn over the Internet, the girls discover they've been used as pawns in an Internet sex scheme and set out to clear their names.
Expelled from his research group by his colleagues, a mad scientist uses his knowledge of human cloning and mind control to create Takeru, the ultimate ninja warrior. When Oh unleashes his killing machine, a mercenary tries to stop Takeru's fury.
When an author invites his friends to his home on a private island, the guests realize they've been poisoned at dinner. Now, the only way to receive the antidote from their twisted host will be to confess to all the lies they've ever told.
A crazed serial killer is spreading terror throughout the 'hood, slitting people's throats and causing mass hysteria. A group of friends decides it's up to them to take on the maniac, even though they're risking their lives.
Three hapless criminals come up with a moneymaking scheme to set up a live Internet broadcast of a famous starlet engaging in various sex acts. The problem is, she doesn't know what she's getting into.
A high school student who hopes to live in infamy concocts a scheme to make a willing friend his first victim. But as they read up on serial killers, the two find themselves tracking a murderer in their midst.
Novelist Robert and his wife crave a quiet existence and move to a small town a world away from the dangers and hassles of metropolitan life. But Robert discovers that even the smallest town harbors its share of corruption and dirty secrets.
Jon is dedicated to his job working for a dangerous gangster who goes by the nickname Tattooed Man. But Jon's satisfaction with his life wanes when he runs into an old friend who ended up marrying the girl he had feelings for as a young boy.
A ruthless hit woman is contracted to perform one final job before she abandons the profession. But she faces an unusual challenge this time: the struggle between carrying out the contract she accepted and adhering to her own moral values.
Famed sleuth Sherlock Holmes (
Ali, Kwita, Omar and Boukber are a group of urchins living on the hard streets of Casablanca, their everyday lives filled with violence, begging and indifference. To survive, the four youths create a bond of friendship and family among them.
Still upset about a nasty breakup with her boyfriend, a 30-year-old woman grudgingly agrees to a vacation on a Greek isle with her teenage niece -- who's determined to lose her virginity during their trip.
Enraptured by a beautiful single mother struggling to save both her shop and custody of her little girl, a gentle young man possessed of a vivid imagination begins secretly paying her debts.
An Algerian woman leaves her homeland to join her husband in France. In a land and culture foreign to her, she struggles against her mother-in-law's tyranny and her husband's distrustful bitterness as she adjusts to her life in exile.
After opting for an unfamiliar route through the forest, Frank and his wife stop to help a mysterious woman who seems to be holding a dead baby. But as the bodies pile up, a hearse with an invisible driver arrives to cart away the victims.
This blaxploitation flick follows up-and-coming drug lord J.J., who's determined to eliminate the white-run heroin cartel that controls the lucrative smack trade that's taking a toll on the folks in the 'hood.
It's House Party with a merengue beat when some friends find themselves in a Beverly Hills mansion for one night. Naturally, the party gets out of control, but everyone manages to have a great time ... except the post-party cleaning crew, that is.
An unidentified and otherworldly enemy slowly picks off a group of English soldiers trapped behind German lines during World War I. For the rest of them to get out alive, they first must understand what they're up against before they can vanquish it.
A trio of fledgling jewel thieves plan to break into the big time by smuggling emeralds from Mexico to the United States inside a horse. But their plot quickly unravels when they discover there's a mentally unhinged maniac among them.
Young Ana Rios is hell-bent on seeking revenge after tragedy shakes her stable existence. Her plan? Join the Miami Police Department and put her gun and badge to good use fighting crime ... and hunting down and destroying her enemies.
A slumlord is on his way to oust some squatters from one of his inner-city properties. Instead, he's attacked and transformed into a bloodsucking vampire who puts the bite on his own kin and turns his suburban home into an abattoir.
Fashion model Chloe and her boyfriend are invited to a party hosted by Stan, a former rock star. When Chloe wakes up the next day, her boyfriend is gone, and she's handcuffed to the bed. But things only get worse from there.
With one more day of parole left, J.T. vows to play by the book. But when he finds out his mom will lose their home unless they come up with a serious amount of money, J.T. takes a chance by entering a lowrider contest that violates his parole.
Scientist Gerry Anderson finds himself the target of terrorists when his young daughter inadvertently makes off with documents that, in the wrong hands, could obliterate the human race.
A young nurse learns that the house she's visiting is cursed by two brutal murders that happened there. Soon, she realizes that everyone who sets foot in the house, which is inhabited by vengeful spirits, meets a bloody and disturbing end.
In this taut, made-for-cable drama,
A CIA operative ventures to Bucharest to find out who's behind a kidnapping that has the American government cowering in embarrassment. What he finds is a city under attack by a gargoyle that's come to life, seething in rage and resentment.
Sent to San Francisco to spend the summer with his aunt, teenager Mario Vandetti makes fast friends with a group of neighborhood kids and -- encouraged by a caring priest -- they soon form a basketball team, becoming contenders in a city tournament.
When Pakistani Casim meets Roisin, an Irish Catholic teacher at his sister's school, the two fall in love. But their families soon learn of the relationship, and the couple must deal with the repercussions as they confront their disapproving kin.
When a perfect storm breeds violence in the Brooklyn neighborhood of Crown Heights, a black teenager and a Jewish reporter face pivotal choices that could alter the course of their lives.
Orphaned at 15, fraternal twin sisters Violet and Rosie hit the road on a journey of sexual discovery and wind up living with a handyman on an Army base. There, they experience confusion, excitement and jealousy in the male-dominated setting.
Freaked out that they're nearing "the Big 3-0," a group of friends tries to find true love: Amy secretly waits for best friend Danny, while Molly lives with a doting writing instructor but would prefer a lesson in love from an older professor.
After failing his driver's exam, teen Les Anderson (
A half-Native American girl is kidnapped from her drunken white father by a cowboy who wants her for his recently widowed son, Talbot. With the girl's father in hot pursuit, Talbot must reconcile his past and present if he's to figure out what to do.
Looking for the ultimate scare, seven teens decide to spend Halloween night in a decaying house rumored to be haunted. But their quest turns deadly when a pair of grave robbers stop by, claiming to have a horde of zombies on their trail.
When a wronged wife kills her philandering husband, she opens the door to his secret life of gangsters, violence and money laundering. Now, she's being pursued by her late husband's unsavory colleagues as she navigates a dangerous new world.
Told via different viewpoints, this political drama explores ethnic hatred and moral ambiguity against the backdrop of war. As Croatian police probe the murder of a Serb, the truth proves elusive and subjective in an atmosphere of deep-seated enmity.
This dark crime drama centers on the exploits of Rafael, the trusted henchman of a drug kingpin, Se
An expectant mother is startled by the side effects of her pregnancy: namely, her newfound ability to see ghosts. But when she learns that one of the spirits might want her child, morning sickness is the least of her worries.
After another long day in court, attorney Jennifer Garrick heads home with a strange piece of evidence: a wooden puppet stashed in the trunk of her car. But when her daughter thinks it's a present meant for her, bodies begin piling up.
When a terrorist plane is shot down in the mountains, the race is on to recover a stolen device that can control satellite weapons. A group of fearless climbers and military personnel set out on the mission, but is one of them working for the enemy?
Laura Kove returns as a paranormal investigator, just like the one who helped her in the original Ghost Watcher. Hired to help a girl who is hearing voices in her dreams, Laura deciphers what the voices are saying and traces the problem to a killer.
When a young medical student is assigned to interview a psychiatric patient and gather details about his mother's murder, she's shocked to discover that he already knows plenty about her.
When a tractor accident leaves two once-warring neighbors paralyzed, they put aside their differences to seek compensation from the product's manufacturer. On their way to the company's headquarters, they air their grievances to anyone who'll listen.
A naive educator leaves her small town behind to teach at an upscale metropolitan high school in this engrossing character study. As she struggles against a tide of loneliness, aloof colleagues and disorderly students, she slowly begins to melt down.
This illuminating documentary follows members of the World Missions for Christ Church in Washington, D.C., as they work to fulfill their dreams of a better life in a setting teeming with drugs, violence and homelessness.
In this urban comedy starring
This riotous documentary follows the contentious 2004 mayoral race in Bogota, N.J., detailing the foibles, intrigues and petty grudges that can turn small-town politics into bare-knuckled brawls.
This rousing drama recounts the true story of the U.S.S. Mason, the only World War II battleship with a largely black crew. Fighting racism, German submarines and a horrendous North Atlantic storm, the young sailors prove their mettle.
The pleasant life of a middle-aged bookstore owner is turned topsy-turvy when she begins an uncertain affair with a man 13 years her junior. Meanwhile, life is equally turbulent for her adopted brother, who sets off to find his biological brother.
Contract killer Mark is hired to snuff out members of a drug ring, but while staking out the job at a restaurant, he's mesmerized by a pretty woman. Mark briefly lets down his guard to meet her -- then realizes that assassins have spotted him.
Speeding along a deserted highway, fashion photographer Greg Ross is haunted by visions from his recent past. Meanwhile, his wife lies dead in the trunk -- but just how did she get there?
A group of teens are lost in the forest when they hit a woman and their car breaks down. Splitting up to search for help, they encounter a bevy of wood nymphs who are as deadly as they are beautiful.
When young wannabe starlets start falling prey to Satanic killers who are mimicking the infamous "Black Dahlia" murder of 1947, a pair of cops set out to find the perpetrators before any more women show up for their fateful "audition."
Agent Jack Driscoll's quest to hunt down the legendary beast of the Appalachian Mountains is finally realized when a full moon rouses the ravenous appetite of the monster, leading it to prey on a group of local campers.
Two 18th-century lovers -- Marie-Loup, a peasant woman, and Fran
Troubled by the wave of women vanishing from her neighborhood, 17-year-old Romy seeks help from some voodoo priestesses, who revive a cop's murder victims and turn them into zombies looking to exact revenge.
Young newshound Elizabeth stumbles onto the biggest lead of her life while investigating a decrepit old house in her area when she discovers a family of ghosts who are begging her to tell their story.
The famous detective Vidocq has disappeared in 19th-century Paris. When Vidocq's dedicated but inexperienced assistant, Etienne, searches the city's underground for his mentor, it becomes unclear whether he is the hunter or the hunted.
After being asked to house-sit at her rich uncle's home in Palm Springs for the weekend, sexy young Naomi plans a girls-only getaway with her best friends. But the fun really begins when her uncle's neighbor and his friends decide to crash the party.
An allegorical comedy, this Iranian film follows the strange quest of four old friends who become obsessed with shoving over a giant rock. Their absurd efforts to upturn the phallic-shaped boulder begin to reveal some deeper issues.
Living in a depressed cloud of industrialization spewed from one of the country's largest chemical factories, three friends from a small working-class Czech town dream of a brighter life, each finding solace through love, fantasy or escape.
Orphans Martin and Georg bond as children, but walk very different paths as adults. Georg follows his calling to join the church, while Martin becomes an army captain during Europe's 16th-century Inquisition.
In this thriller based on the true story of the rural Wisconsin serial killer, police discover a grisly scene at the home of outcast Ed Gein. The gruesome find shocks the country and haunts imaginations with details of the demented killer's deeds.
When a group of cheerleaders spends the night in an abandoned farmhouse, they discover the creepy cottage is haunted by a dead boy who killed his brother decades earlier, drained his blood and used it to paint a portrait of his murdered sibling.
In this charming version of Charles Tazewell's Christmas story, heaven's littlest angel struggles to adapt to his new celestial home. Torn between heaven and earth, he eventually finds his place when he presents God's newborn son with a special gift.
In this girl-eats-boy story inspired by actual events, Noelle and Adam arrange to meet for dinner after a string of online conversations. But what begins as a harmless flirtation ends in the unspeakable.
Inspired by true events, this chilling film follows the trail of the Zodiac Killer, a mysterious figure who carried out a series of brutal murders in the 1960s and '70s in San Francisco and taunted the police department with encrypted messages.
No-good twin brothers from South Central L.A. and their gangsta associate concoct a moneymaking scheme so the twins can treat their mom's rare foot condition. But the plan backfires, and the brothers wind up on their own in a race against the clock.

In this terrifying tale of torture based on H.P. Lovecraft's eerie story, the uncertain fates of entombed captives are tied to the whims of a sadistic being who inflicts physical and mental agony in a twisted game of vicious cruelty.
While serial killer Michael Savage -- who has serious issues with "mummy" dearest -- embarks on a ritualistic murder spree, forensic profilers and other law-enforcement officials scramble to uncover his identity.
A hotel manager falls hard for a beautiful new chambermaid and unwittingly steps into a love triangle with the girl and her thuggish paramour. But he doesn't take kindly to being deceived -- and he intends to hold the guilty accountable.
Three serial killers united in a bloodthirsty cult are slaughtering hundreds of female victims in the small Mexican border town of Juarez. But with the authorities seemingly powerless to stop the carnage, who will protect the innocent?
After his colleague McGraw is killed while investigating a right-wing terrorist group, young FBI agent Jason Wells reluctantly takes McGraw's place by faking his own death and infiltrating the organization to bring it down.

A wealthy businessman commissions college pals Chuck and Wally to deliver a new Porsche to his daughter in Lake Tahoe. But the boys are in for a wild ride when thieves nab the Porsche to use as the prize in a beauty pageant.
When a lab explosion gives nerdy whiz kid Barney telekinetic powers, high school suddenly becomes fun; Barney can conquer bullies, win at roulette and make girls' skirts fly up. But his best friend Peyton has grander plans for Barney's new abilities.
A killer wipes out all members but one of the Verlaine commune on an idyllic Christmas Eve. The lone survivor is Rebecca, who falls into a long coma. When she awakes two years later, she finds her mind blocked from the tragedy.
Legendary martial arts practitioner
After picking up an alluring woman, scientist and high school teacher Toby is kidnapped by her violent boyfriend and ordered to use his skills to create methamphetamine for a group of drug traffickers. When Toby refuses, his nightmare only worsens.
A mysterious loner rides into a small town carrying the body of a sought-after outlaw. But after he gambles his bounty away in a card game with the sheriff, he must devise a scheme to reclaim the dead man.
Trapped in a house of horror, seven people discover that the only way they'll get out alive is to tell their scariest stories, setting the stage for five tales from directors Ken Russell,
Inspired by a true story, writer-director
After the arrest of infamous serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer, his already-tormented family becomes torn apart by public scrutiny as they struggle to pick up the pieces of their lives while still trying to lend support to their son.
In this gritty crime thriller, "Big Boy" -- a two-bit thug with grand ambitions -- seizes on the return of his friend Pooch as a chance to take over the neighborhood rackets. But unbeknownst to Big Boy, Pooch is secretly on the other side of the law.
Suspecting her hubby is unfaithful, Faith has a one-night stand with the handsome Walter in revenge. But casual sex turns terrifying when Walter becomes fixated with Faith, and it isn't long before his obsession grows deadly.
Manipulated by his cell mate while in prison, petty criminal Albert De Salvo falsely confesses to being the notorious Boston Strangler. Meanwhile, detective John Marsden desperately tries to uncover the real killer.

Take an in-depth look at the increasingly popular reggaeton style of music by revisiting its reggae and Latin American soca roots in this documentary, which also explores Cuban music scene artists who are taking the genre by storm.
This potent tale of revenge and family loyalty set in 19th-century North Carolina reunites the villainous mountain men from the brutal 1972 film Deliverance. Writer-director Dean Teaster also weaves characters from his own family tree into the story.
Fresh from prison, Ray hits Las Vegas and stumbles upon Rita, a hot girl in a hot car whose hot to trot. But Ray isn't about to trust a stranger, especially since the word on the street is that he has a substantial stash hidden somewhere in the city.
After somebody slips a young couple LSD at a New Year's Eve party, they get into a car accident on the way home and end up stranded in the middle of the woods -- where their acid-fueled hallucinations manifest a stalker.
Distraught over his drug-addicted girlfriend, who's overdosed and fallen into a coma, small-time dope peddler Art uses a time machine to journey into the past in a desperate gamble to change her future.
When a local church burns down, an ancient evil creature is awakened and soon wreaks havoc on the small town of Harborford, Wash. The population slowly shrinks as the so-called "scourge" travels from body to body.
In a reckless bid for political power, a Ranger-turned-outlaw kidnaps the daughter of Capt. John MacIntyre, killing MacIntyre in the process. The ordeal sets the stage for a daring rescue by farmer Jake Landers.
Wannabe filmmakers Phillip Fellini and Forrest Fonda think they've found the subject of a lifetime when they meet a cave-dwelling, beer-swilling Missouri backwoodsman named Lucky "Cucumber" Cavanaugh, rumored to be the unluckiest man alive.
While continuing to search for his long-lost ex-wife and son, U.S. Marshal Luke Canfield takes a job as the head lawman of Sand Prairie, a once-sleepy town that's been targeted by a band of vicious horse thieves.
Loosely based on a true story, this grim tale follows two homicidal predators as they stalk and systematically kill a group of women assembled for an evening of partying in a warehouse on Phoenix's Baseline Avenue.
Shy supermarket security guard Jara becomes transfixed by Julia, a cleaning woman he spots through a surveillance camera. Soon, he designs his life around her schedule, following her to the movies, the beach -- even on dates with another man.
When 13-year-old Adam Stafford spies on his sexy neighbor in Washington, D.C., he develops an obsession with the blond bombshell -- unaware that she's involved in a liaison with President John F. Kennedy.
Years after asking sacrilegious questions at his Seventh Day Adventist summer camp, teenager Ken's belief that the apocalypse is at hand propels him to flee the city with his reluctant girlfriend, much to the chagrin of her father.
In the competitive world of South Florida kickboxing, two young men contend for dominance -- one driven by a need to live up to his father's expectations, the other by a desire to escape his life of grinding poverty.
Gain incredible behind-the-scenes access to the widely popular World Wrestling Federation with this straightforward documentary that profiles legendary professional wrestler
Based on the true story of Ted Bundy, the serial killer who horrified America in the 1970s by slaughtering women across the country, this drama traces the life of the "charming" psychopath.
When widower Wes Merritt and his 14-year-old daughter, Natalie, move into a beautiful house that once belonged to the late, cat-loving Mrs. Ashboro, their arrival is marked by a series of bizarre events.
Return to a terrifying era in 1980s California, when Richard Ramirez rose to notoriety as "the Night Stalker," a serial killer who stalked, tortured and murdered women -- first in Los Angeles and later throughout the state.
To avoid execution at the end of a rope, an outlaw with a lingering debt turns bounty hunter and sets his sights on a beautiful gunslinger with a hefty price on her head. Trouble is, he'll have to bust her out of jail to collect.
When Henry Lee Lucas meets Ottis Toole, the psychopaths set out on a helter-skelter killing spree that stumps the officials -- all except two Texas Rangers, whose hands are tied with procedural red tape.
In this remake of the 1947 John Wayne classic,
When a ruthless corporate-sponsored scientist develops an additive designed to make ordinary sugar wildly addictive, the chemical mutates his imprisoned test subjects into savage, bloodthirsty zombies.
A group of friends partying in a remote mansion battle flesh-eating monsters and birds infected with a new strain of avian flu that turns its victims into zombies. Armed with flamethrowers, they barricade themselves inside.

When a former sharpshooter moves out West after the Civil War, he falls in with outlaws who hire him as an assassin. But a change of heart leads him to take up ranching and get on the right side of the law -- until a U.S. marshal comes calling.
Slick grifter Orsini and his dubious cohort, Jacob, a huge menacing figure of a wrestler, float from town to town with the perfect scam -- until the good people of Santa Maria turn the tables, and a fair fight threatens to expose the duo.
When aging New England shipbuilder Owen Coughlin decides to shut down his business and retire in the face of mounting competition, his actions affect his employees' lives in surprisingly unexpected ways.
Directors

Five teenage chat buddies engage in a deadly game of cat and mouse as online predator William discovers his next victim in Jim. As Jim's friends try to free him from the clutches of the nefarious manipulator, their online world bleeds into reality.
After tailing his dream girl into a sex addict support group meeting, Andy concocts a fake identity and tries to fit in. But as he woos the object of his desire, the fake sexaholic struggles to keep his real life from falling apart.
When an American special ops soldier is attacked by terrorists but abandoned by the country he loves, he's forced to dig deep and summon every shred of courage he's got in order to get through the ordeal alive.
Following a scrape with the law, teenager Allison is sentenced to perform community service on a horse farm. Once there, she finds herself bonding gradually with Jet, a horse that's been deemed a problem case -- just like her.
Rather than surrender Goldy, her beloved golden bear, to a powerful magician, young Jesse escapes into the woods with her furry companion, who's the last of his kind. While in hiding, they meet a man who was born to protect animals.
After moving to Albuquerque, N.M., from the Midwest, misfit loner Rudy falls in with a flashy Elvis aficionado named Kit who pulls him into committing murder. Rudy would literally kill for some friends, but he may be destined to remain an outcast.
When the highly infectious and potentially lethal SARS virus starts spreading across Toronto, brave health care workers risk their safety to keep up with the rapidly mounting number of patients.
An exotic dancer enters a world of kidnapping and ransom when she tries to track down her missing sister and winds up on the trail of a cruel gang specializing in white slavery. But she's not the only person trying to bring them down.
Trapped in a marriage to an abusive, violent husband, Annie Summers has given up trying to run away. Instead, she enrolls in a cooking class and strikes up a friendship with fellow student who happens to be in the killing business.
After stealing a fortune from the Russian mob, Alex Langdon tries to hide out in a remote cabin but discovers that the area is home to a dangerous species of mutant lizards that have developed a taste for human flesh.
Brilliant jazz saxophonist Morris Poole has an active and rising career underway until his wife's death kills his musical inspiration. A new woman reawakens his passions, but their attraction also evokes painful echoes of the past.
Lovable loser Lenny constantly asks his best friend, promiscuous Joey, for romantic advice, but Joey's womanizing tactics bring Lenny nothing but trouble. Joey's wacky plans to win the heart of Lenny's latest crush cause chaos for his buddy.
Mark Twain's classic tale gets the animated musical treatment in this family-friendly film that finds Tom Sawyer, Huckleberry Finn and Becky Thatcher cutting loose in a series of riotous, song-filled adventures.
Rather than prepare for winter hibernation like his neighbors, Ted Edward Bear sets out in search of the lights, music and toys of a special place he's heard about called Christmas. The first thing Ted learns is that Christmas is not a place at all.
Soon after mysterious baron Alexander von Hauenschild befriends ailing 12-year-old Edmund Tuchman and his beautiful mother, Sonya, the boy grows dangerously jealous of Alexander and Sonya's deepening affair.
Set on a series of Tuesdays over the course of seven years, this indie-rock musical from director
A New York deli owner who moonlights as a basketball coach finally lands the college position of his dreams. But to keep his job, he and his team of misfits have to take on a powerhouse rival.
Single guy Billy travels to Miami's South Beach to visit his brother, Harry, and hopefully find some women to entertain in the bedroom. And since Harry's a volleyball coach, there's no shortage of ladies for Billy to target.
In this futuristic martial arts thriller, kickboxing champ Chance O'Brien refuses to join a tournament featuring cyborg fighters, but when the event sponsor kidnaps his fianc
Soar through the dangerous dogfight-filled skies of World War I with this drama that follows an ace fighter pilot's struggles to handle the rigors of combat, his duty to lead untested recruits and his growing dependence on alcohol.
Obsessively attached to the adoptive father who spoils her rotten, sweet-looking 11-year-old Jody conceals a truly psychotic personality beneath her cheerful exterior and brutally murders anyone who dares stand between her and her dad.
Jennifer develops a huge crush on her handsome co-worker Eric, but he turns out to be a murderous psycho who secretly ruins her life while trying to determine whether or not she's the perfect woman for him.
While under investigation for his wife's mysterious drowning, high-powered fashion designer Michael enters into a volatile relationship with Dara, an irresistible model who leads him down a dark path of self-destruction.
Based on Sam Shepard's Obie-winning play, this gritty drama follows the Tate family, whose patriarch, Weston, is an alcoholic Vietnam vet unable to mend his self-destructive ways long enough to ensure the future of his struggling family farm.
For more than two decades, Arthur has quietly kept his dual identity as the prostitute-strangling "Kenbourne Killer" under wraps. But when a new neighbor moves in, Arthur loses his grip and runs the risk of being exposed.
Hoping to hang onto her unfaithful husband by looking younger, a retired television star eagerly begins eating dumplings purported to have rejuvenation powers. But her increasing appetite for these rare delicacies leads to unsavory complications.
Following the puzzling deaths of two fellow flyboys, renegade fighter pilot Waters senses something is wrong with the Air Force's new virtual reality flight simulators, but his attempts to uncover the truth lead to dangerous dead ends and disasters.
After his father dies and treacherous knight El El seizes control of his kingdom, young Prince Davin magically unleashes Galgameth, a dragon-like creature who helps him reclaim his crown.
College kids passing through the town of Hellgate become obsessed with a local legend about a woman who was killed by a biker gang in the 1950s, resurrected by her father, and driven to seducing and murdering men.
In this food-driven documentary, director
Police detective Gary Yanuck and his partner face a high-pressure engagement when they're tasked with nabbing a serial killer who's already offed a string of police officers and shows no sign of slowing down.
When their yacht sinks in the middle of the ocean, a crew of drug smugglers seeks shelter aboard a seemingly abandoned oil rig. But once they're aboard, they begin to suspect they're not really alone.
When a disabled veteran accepts the government's offer to restore his faculties in exchange for participating in an experimental program, he accepts, not knowing that he'll be asked to kill his soul mate, the last surviving member of the resistance.
When a novice defense lawyer falls in love with a client -- suspected serial killer George Kendall -- she finds herself in danger of losing her life as well as her heart, even as the evidence against him mounts.
Down on his luck and recently divorced, Jason McCree sets out to start anew by studying journalism and renting a converted sleeping car. But the apartment turns out to be haunted by his landlord's late husband, who won't leave Jason alone.
Soon after psychiatrist Stephanie Lyell begins testing an experimental drug on a notorious serial killer's brain, two people in the shrink's apartment building mysteriously die, raising the suspicions of a curious cop.
When a private eye agrees to trail the wife of a corporate fat cat who suspects she's cheating, it seems like a straightforward case. But the woman's lover turns up dead, and the detective is drawn into a plot to pin the murder on his client's enemy.
Far from the glitz of Las Vegas's mega mixed martial arts bouts, fighters duke it out in sweaty local venues on what they hope is their way to the big time. This documentary shines a light on that world -- focusing on the Louisiana fight circuit.
Stripped of his home and family, once-stalwart Civil War sharpshooter William Drayton retreats to higher ground, only to find a daughter he believed to be dead. Now, with renewed spirit, he takes up arms against a ruthless robber baron.
Imagine a skateboarding utopia where anything goes -- including midnight skates, car burnings and demolition derbies. It might seem like the plot of a movie, but it's real, and it's captured in this documentary that's brimming with characters.

A talented photographer is losing his eyesight, so his devoted wife suggests they take a trip to Yellowstone National Park. Their relationship attains even greater depth during their poignant journey.
A woman escapes a mental institution and tracks down her psychiatrist, whom she believes is the modern incarnation of Jack the Ripper and that their past lives are intertwined. As the bodies pile up, she takes her shrink's family hostage.
Nick, an adulterous New Yorker, and his wife, Sarah, relocate to the Midwest for a fresh start. Nick soon befriends a wealthy local farmer and discovers a secret he's been keeping is not so easily left behind in this erotic and surreal drama.
This indie drama portrays a single day shared by an 11-year-old boy and his uncle, who's recently rejoined the world after eight years in prison. When the older Vincent brings young Woody along on business, fresh lessons in life await them both.
This sumptuous doc explores Taiwan's diverse culinary culture, drawn from both ethnic Chinese and myriad outside influences. The menu includes upscale urban restaurants, dumplings, edible flowers, organic farms and a burgeoning local foods movement.
The name Borgia stands for betrayal, intrigue and corruption in the Vatican, which was the center of the world during the Renaissance. Rodrigo Borgia -- later Pope Alexander VI -- embodied the spirit of the time with its unimaginable contradictions.
In this action-driven animated series, teen phenom Tony Stark takes to the skies with help from an ingeniously engineered suit of armor, taking down villains to learn the truth about his late father's mysterious passing.
This documentary looks at a pitched cultural conflict over school textbook standards in Texas, as determined by the state's Board of Education. For many, the creationist views of the board's chairman run counter to the findings of modern science.
Dad-to-be Simon York is a musician struggling to make ends meet when he begins detecting a strange sound that no one else can hear. His attempts to research what the source might be start to point toward some very creepy goings-on.
This fascinating documentary looks at the teachings and controversial life of Ch
Four teenage friends set out for a night of partying at an isolated cabin. But a psychopath with vengeance on his mind ruins their fun and forces them to play a game with life-or-death consequences.
A woman decides to steal her mobster boyfriend's car and a whole lot of his money, then tries to hide out in a small town. With a cop and a hit man on her tail, she makes friendly with a reformed criminal who will do whatever it takes to protect her.
F
Pete Weaver has been out of the break-dancing world for a long time, but his old friends come together to help him when he learns his daughter requires costly medical treatment. Needing money, Pete enters a dance competition with a big prize.
Once a legend in the brutal world of underground fighting, Shane decides to turn his life around, promising his wife he's fought his last battle. But when his brother betrays a gangster, Shane is forced back into the arena to pay his brother's debts.
Referencing the popular Halo video game, this futuristic live-action series follows freshman cadet Thomas Lasky through training at the prestigious Corbulo Academy of Military Science -- and a battle to defend the academy from the Covenant.
Filmmaker
As he reluctantly celebrates his 40th birthday, Doug finds himself falling for two very different but equally lovable men. But what Doug doesn't know right away is that the two men are, in fact, father and son.
At the exclusive Crestview Academy, six students serving Saturday detention begin falling prey to a series of gruesome "accidents" at the school. The dark roots of the carnage remain a mystery as the bodies pile up in this gory black comedy.
This compelling documentary about skid row in Los Angeles finds both desperation and inspiration reflected in the area's indigent population. The stories of eight residents outline the range of causes leading to the nation's current homeless crisis.
Record label BMF Entertainment is known less for its hip-hop acts and more for its role as the front for a $300 million cocaine trafficking operation. This documentary profiles the two brothers at the top of this empire -- and the business' downfall.
Armed with his beat-up red wagon and a blazing spirit of philanthropy, 8-year-old Zach sets out to help homeless children in the wake of Hurricane Charley by walking from his house in Florida to the White House.


In this gritty action flick, a tournament promoter is forced to call three of his buddies for help cracking heads after the mob rigs a high-stakes martial arts event and cheats him out of his winnings.
A group of college students decides to experiment with some mind-bending drugs, thinking it'll help them write their philosophy papers. Each of them is sent on a strange trip: some pleasant, some bloody.
When a fellow gangster hands him a raw deal, escaped convict Joe Sullivan sets out to get revenge with help from his girlfriend, Pat, and a sympathetic social worker, Ann. But which woman does he really belong with?
In this political thriller, a gubernatorial candidate's idealistic press secretary discovers that the opposing political candidate has feathered the nest of his campaigns with terrible lies.
When Angel, a member of a notorious motorcycle gang, sells his story to a major magazine for $10,000, he and his girlfriend are forced into hiding with a sheep farmer to avoid the gang's wrath.
When two fortune hunters offer a young yacht worker and an American fashion model a share of $3 million in gold doubloons in exchange for a ride to the treasure site, the uneasy shipmates finds themselves facing unexpected obstacles.
Turned murderous by experimental drugs, a baboon escapes from a laboratory and roams the research building, where it begins attacking a group of students involved in a live-action role-playing game.
Luke is the loyal slave of a horse breeder who is sold to the cruel plantation owner MacKay, a man who keeps the slave Cassie as his mistress. With the arrival of Luke, Cassie and the other slaves revolt in a desperate attempt to gain their freedom.
To avenge his father's death and free the people of Seriphos from the evil King Galinor of Argus, the noble Perseus must defeat a dragon -- and the monster Medusa, whose steely gaze has cast the kingdom's best soldiers into stone.

A group of crooks plans a lucrative heist to steal $20 million from a security firm counting house, only to have the scam overtaken by a crime boss and the plot foiled by a wily ex-cop.
A con artist who's new to a tough penitentiary doesn't make many friends, but he quickly learns how the system works. When he gets cigarettes from Chilly, the man who runs the yard, and can't pay him back, he realizes he's in way over his head.
In this action-thriller from director
Glaucus, the son of the king of Pyras, journeys to a neighboring kingdom, which is ruled by the evil cult of the god Moloch. There he assumes the name Hercules and distinguishes himself in the arena, becoming a trusted member of the household guard.
While Hercules is away, his people and the woman he loves are killed by the king of Ecalia. Hercules learns of the murder of his wife and seeks vengeance, only to learn that the kingdom from which the murderers came is besieged from within.
Fueled by greed and the desire to impress his new wife, New York nightclub owner Steve Larwitt begins a ruthless rise to the top of the crime world. But when his rivals and the IRS come after him, Larwitt finds his life and liberty in danger.
Christine is married to a wealthy businessman, but she's bored with her role as a wife and mother. A chance meeting with a charming stranger ignites a spark, but little does she know that he's a thief, and she's his next target.
Struggling photographer Mario Cortone falls in love with the pretty debutante Nicole, daughter of the popular but moody stage star John R. Yeates. The young lovers try to sustain a relationship in spite of their cultural and economic differences.
An adventurer, a Muslim, and truly ahead of her time. At the turn of the 20th century, Isabelle Eberhardt grapples with the conflict of being an unconventional woman in an Arab culture, all while getting involved with North Africa's political unrest.
In 2008, California voters passed Proposition 8, revoking marriage rights for same-sex couples. The following day in Los Angeles, a movement was born. This documentary profiles people who were inspired by the event to stand up for gay rights.
The legendary frontiersman Kit Carson and his two pals are attacked by Indians. They manage to escape unscathed and make their way to Fort Bridger, where Captain John "Frontier" Fremont hires Carson to guide a wagon train west.
Fleeing Troy in the wake of its destruction, fair-faced Helen and her faithful protector Arion run into the pharaoh Ramses, who sets his sights on Helen -- and is subsequently murdered. Now it's up to Arion to save Helen from those who wish her dead.
After the FBI drafts attorney Mal Stevens, he and two fellow recruits foil a plot to kidnap socialite Eleanor Spencer -- a scheme orchestrated by her former chauffeur. Trouble ensues when the trusting Eleanor secures his release from prison.
Three couples deal with problems in their sex lives that threaten their marriages. A wife discovers that her husband has been unfaithful, a couple argue about having children, and a couple realize that the spark has left their marriage.
Beauty pageant loser Toni takes a job subbing for the ailing head of a fake psychic's racket and whimsically advises attorney Brad Cavanaugh to purchase some property that is coveted by the government.
An alcoholic former serviceman falls in with gangsters collecting debts and committing various crimes for them, until he has a spiritual awakening and decides to devote his life to helping others.
Mario and Lucien are twins who share a psychic bond: one feels the pain and experiences the thoughts of the other. The siblings are separated at birth because of a long-standing feud in their family and grow up to become bitter enemies.
When disturbed cop Lacy rescues Sally, a beautiful cellist, from deranged killer Rabbit by shooting Rabbit in cold blood, it sets off a wave of publicity that brands him the city's hero.
A poor girl comes across an injured horse. She names him Danny, nurses him back to health and grows to love him. But the horse belongs to a wealthy family, and their spoiled daughter wants him back.
Capt. James, the skipper of a Florida merchant boat, smuggles in Cuban refugees as a sideline. When a refugee is killed while escaping, he loses his license and becomes involved with a married woman, whose jealous husband wants him dead.
Two young lovers are placed at odds with each other after reigniting a feud between their families over a valuable South African diamond mine. Power, money, love and passion all play an important part in the battle for control.
An arrogant Cambridge student enrolls at West Point. His superior attitude earns him the enmity of his classmates and the derisive nickname "the Duke." However, he proves to be a good guy when he helps an impoverished peer pay for college.
Religious skeptic Vic teaches at a Catholic school where the students pray for miracles to lift the school's namesake, Edith Semple, to sainthood. Though Vic's a nonbeliever, his views are challenged when he's blessed with unexplained good fortune.
Steve Kelly, a retired rodeo champion, accepts a rematch with notorious bucking bull "Black Friday," the same bull that ended his career several years ago. Steve also must deal with the return of his estranged wife, Dannii.
Two sixth-graders, best friends Alli and Jane, keep tabs on their neighborhood by sharing their observations via walkie-talkie. The girls suspect the middle school principal of murder, going to increasingly greater lengths to uncover the evidence!
When his town's beloved football team, the Buzzards, moves out of state, diehard fan Charlie confronts the team's greedy owner. With the help of his nephew and a nervous accountant, Charlie embarks on a campaign to bring the Buzzards home.
Armed with his encyclopedic knowledge of obscure tax codes, swashbuckling accountant George Biddle saves the day for those in need of emergency tax preparation until his old high school rival -- now a rogue IRS agent -- insists on a face-off.
Monty Brewster, a recently discharged U.S. soldier, learns that his deceased uncle left him $8 million. But he can only inherit the money if he can spend a million of it before his upcoming 30th birthday and have nothing to show for it.
A light-skinned African-American impersonates a Caucasian to join the Ku Klux Klan and get revenge on the bigots who killed his daughter in a church bombing. Yet the man finds himself in too deep when gangsters are hired to attack the organization.
Raising his motherless daughter, Anne, on his own, widower Squire Sheldon presents Anne with a black colt -- whom she names Black Beauty -- in the hope that by disciplining the horse, she may learn to discipline herself.
A 14-year-old whose parents have just divorced is abruptly uprooted from his wealthy Chicago home and sent to Los Angeles to live in the far-out beach bungalow of his aunt, an aging hippie still stuck in a bygone era.
Old miser Phineas T. Prune, who holds the deed to the North Pole, threatens to evict Santa Claus and seize all the Christmas toys when he falls behind in the rent. Can kids from around the world help Santa and prevent the holiday from being canceled?
In this twisty thriller, an innocent American in West Berlin finds himself caught up in murder and international intrigue after his associate is killed and a diplomat's daughter is found dead in his room.
Told by a U.S. Army colonel and his wife, this vintage Western -- set in post-Civil War Texas -- chronicles the exploits of the all-black 10th cavalry regiment, which was formed in 1871.
Returning home from the Vietnam War, three young African American soldiers take up the cause of fighting racial injustice in their town and end up waging an all-out battle against the Ku Klux Klan.
Pizza boy Philip J. Fry awakens in the 31st century after 1,000 years of cryogenic preservation in this animated series. After he gets a job at an interplanetary delivery service, Fry embarks on ridiculous escapades to make sense of his predicament.
Hosted by the outrageous
Set in 2003, this autobiographical drama follows an Italian antiwar activist who travels to Iraq to work on a documentary about the war, only to become the lone civilian survivor when a suicide bomber kills 19 of his compatriots.
"Bionic Woman"
Traveling aboard a transcontinental train, young Iris Henderson (
Startling candor and ribald humor illuminate these classic tales of romance, deception, murder and lust.  A host of lovers and pilgrims unite for a wonderful and at times unpredictable journey through Chaucer's medieval England.
"The Mikado" -- the crown jewel of Gilbert and Sullivan operettas -- blooms brightly as an on-screen comedy in this performance with actors from Britain's D'Oyly Carte opera company. Nanki-Poo (
Throw on your Hawaiian shirt and light the tiki torches for the first "Beach" flick starring
Millionaire
In this Oscar-nominated film adaptation of George Bernard Shaw's play, the aging Caesar (
In this adaptation of the classic Greek tragedy, Mycenaean leader Agamemnon is murdered and his daughter Electra is held prisoner in her own castle. When Electra speaks with a sacred oracle, she begins her bloody quest for justice.
Cass Brown (
Set during the gold rush, this rousing frontier adventure follows a con man on the lam (
When Homer (
In this campy favorite from the 1930s,
Deranged puppet maker Franz (
Planet X is on a collision course with Earth, and Prof. Elliott (
Awkward teenager Gregory (
The street-savvy feline goes one toke over the line in this hip sequel to the 1972 animated cult favorite. Unhappily married and living on welfare, Fritz (voiced by
In a rare leading role, noted character actor
While conducting groundbreaking but highly illegal experiments, brilliant scientist Patrick (
Filmed a few years before the famous 1974 "Rumble in the Jungle," this documentary looks at
Ike (


In this 1950 classic, Paul, a young, introverted boy, escapes his mother's constant complaints about poverty by climbing onto his rocking horse. He soon discovers that while riding furiously on the horse, he gains the ability to pick a winner at the racetrack. His family quickly becomes rich but squanders the money as soon as they get it, forcing Paul to exhaust himself trying to pick more winners ... with tragic results.
In 1850s England, chimney sweep Tom is blamed for a crime he didn't commit. A rich girl named Ellie knows the truth and tries to help Tom, to no avail. When he attempts to escape, he falls into Dead Man's Pool, and everyone's convinced he's a goner. Instead, he's underwater in the world of the Water Babies, where he asks the powerful Cracken for help clearing his name.
Earth's first expedition to Mars loses contact -- and never gets it back. Mission Control successfully lands the ship remotely, but finds the crew's only two survivors in a fight for their lives. Horrific creatures, flesh-eating plants and unfriendly, intelligent life waiting for them at the ship they've struggled to get back to are only the start. It's what's they find out later that's truly frightening.
Lending his stunning voice to Verdi's opera and Shakespeare's tragedy, Placido Domingo plays the Moor Otello, whose conniving ensign, Iago (Justino Diaz), plants the seed that drives Otello to murderous jealousy against his wife, Desdemona (
In a small Cajun town on the Louisiana bayou, a pack of wild dogs howls in the night. When the body of a young girl is found viciously murdered on the property of a wealthy couple (
Ace newspaper columnist Kathy Ferguson (
In 1685 England, Alicia Gray (
Three slacker kids out for kicks decide to nab a car, only to discover that their new wheels are the rightful property of a crack female assassin -- and she's hot on their trail. The film features appearances by future Hollywood stars
Against all odds, lone wolf Andreas (
Daddy Foxx (
Detective Charlie Chan's (
While staying in the Swiss Alps, Mary finds herself torn between the convenience and financial comfort of her marriage to Claude, who is much older than her, and the passion of her old flame, Steven.
Wily detective Charlie Chan (
This drama stars
This campy cult classic charts the fortunes of fresh-faced Canadian musical duo Alphie (
A musically obsessed teenager, Toby Kellogg (
When her husband is killed in battle, brave patriot Violette Szabo (
Soon after medical student Simon Sparrow (
In Cold War-era Vienna, Dr. Alex Linden (
Strange things start happening to an art buyer (
Based on the 1944 play by Philip Yordan, this drama follows the trials and tribulations of Anna Lucasta (
This unflinching biopic stars
Rick and Melissa (


Explorer Christopher Columbus (
After landing on Saturn's largest moon, an American exploration team discovers that members of a rival German group have been mutilated. As their numbers dwindle, the explorers look for a way to stop a vicious alien creature from killing them all.
Classic comedic duo
With the final installment of the long-running "Carry On" comedy film series from director
When shipping baron Cyrus Wentworth is shot shortly after his flagship ocean liner is robbed and sunk, police captain Bill Street (
Sadistic banker Walter Eastwood (
Millionaire Richard Trainor's (
When a band of outlaws steals their father's prize horses, four Australian siblings living in the outback have to revise their plans for Christmas -- mostly because Dad has canceled the holiday. But the kids soon concoct a scheme to reclaim their yuletide celebration, and it involves some good old-fashioned detective work. This postwar classic was later remade in the early 1980s, starring a young Nicole Kidman in one of her first film roles.
Set in Kenya during the Mau Mau Rebellion that spanned from 1952 to 1960, this drama is centered on two lovers, Alan Howard (
After finding his niche racing motorcycles, a fast young factory worker (
After a year in Africa, renowned botanist Charles Decker (
After making a wish on an enchanted genie's bottle, little Jimmy Warren (
When geologist Barry Rogers (
Maj. Bruce Jay (
It's a chopper-chick romp with 1960s screen babe
In his writing and directing debut, screen legend
The diabolical Maj. Paul Krenner (
After delivering the atomic bomb that would be used to destroy Hiroshima, the USS Indianapolis is hit with a Japanese torpedo. But because the crew's mission is veiled in secrecy, their rescue is delayed in this true story of shipwrecked sailors.
Convinced that someone -- or something -- is lurking in the nearby woods, a white trapper (
Recently discharged cavalry sergeant Chad Santee learns that his brother Jubal is a wanted outlaw. Thinking Chad has betrayed him to lawmen, Jubal and his vengeful cohorts track him down, leading to a bloody confrontation.
Judy (
Bored by his summer at grandma's house, teenager Kenny (
California's battle for statehood is told through the story of doomed Mexican general Don Francisco Hernandez (
Escaping a killer, Evelyn (
Ex-con Joseph Braden (
After his car breaks down on the way to a fishing vacation, drifter John Emmett (
Greg Dickson (
When Israeli officials learn that Nazi war criminal Adolf Eichmann (
In this gunslinging Western, bank robber Will Sabre (
A priceless vase stolen by the Nazis during World War II sits under heavy guard in a museum. To get it back and return the heirloom to its rightful owner, private eye Joe Dancer (
Determined to seek vengeance against the white man who led a renegade group of Indians in attacks that killed his parents, Lucas Ram (
Delving deep into an old Hollywood scandal, private eye Joe Dancer (
Hired to find the wayward son of a powerful political family, Los Angeles gumshoe Joe Dancer (
When a dangerous convict escapes from prison, he returns home to get revenge on those who locked him away: his wife (
A World War II-era road repairman gets recruited by the British army and dispatched to France, where he ventures behind enemy lines and lands in an improbable solo battle against the German army -- with high jinks as his weapon of choice.
Scripted by blacklisted writer Dalton Trumbo, director

Upon learning that her husband (
With an eye toward buying an expensive necklace for his ladylove (
After watching his beloved wife, Emily (
Federal agent Melvin Purvis (
In this surprising spin on a classic horror setup, five friends arrive at a secluded cabin with clear instructions for their anticipated mountain getaway. But when the rigid rules are broken, punishment is swift -- and everyone will pay.

Private detective Mike Hammer (
Though wanted for murder, gunslinger Case Britton (
When he must detour while en route to Egypt, Royal Air Force pilot and reconnaissance photographer Peter Ross (
When the Lane family reconvenes in New York to surprise Patty, fans of the original "
Figure skating star Chris Linden (three-time Olympic gold medalist



Veteran tour bus driver Mo Wyshocki (
Dr. Bernard Abrams (
Four best friends and perpetual losers -- Dooley (
Inspired by real-life madam Xaviera Hollander's memoirs, this 1977 comedy stars
Lil Hutton (
In an updated twist on "Oliver Twist," a lonely teenage runaway (
In this offbeat melodrama from accomplished Danish director
With her client's beer sales falling flat, ad agency executive B.D. Tucker (
While trying to protect a friend and colleague who's facing possible dismissal, NYPD chief of detectives Frank Nolan (
This evocative faux documentary imagines a dystopian near future in which the government monitors every woman's sexual activity. At its center is Allison Golding (

As a nationally televised New Year's Eve celebration rocks toward countdown mania, host Diane Sullivan (
This 1986 sci-fi movie focuses on 21st-century Los Angeles, where crime-fighting organization Condor tasks top detective Christopher Proctor (
Sentenced to prison in Montana, Clay Treyton (
Ten years into a life sentence, wrongly convicted Clayton (
Blindsided by news that his wife (
This outrageous slapstick comedy finds a group of clueless but determined reporters working at a sleazy tabloid newspaper, where the aim is to get the dirt -- regardless of the facts -- and scoop the competition. To add to the insanity in the pressroom, the staff members are celebrity look-alikes, with "Marilyn Monroe," "Elvis" and "Hitler" searching under every rock to uncover all the news that's fit to print ... or not.
When a sack filled with $1 million in cash tumbles out of an armored vehicle, four hapless carpoolers excitedly retrieve it. But soon they're forced to go on the run from an ex-cop (

In this crime drama set in Los Angeles, a string of tough homicide cases confronts veteran Det. Eddie Van Owen and youthful partner Johnny Marks, but the murder of a music video dancer takes their investigation in an unexpected direction. When the duo, played by
This intimate social drama centers on a husband choosing to abort the pregnancy of his comatose wife, Nancy (
A married mother of two, Eileen (
It's an ordinary date night for Billy (
This hilarious parody of World War II movies finds the overly zealous Sgt. Duke Roscoe (
After recent clashes with a new bishop (
A powerful magazine publisher not to be trifled with, Grace Guthrie (
As serial-killer cousins Angelo (
A Vietnam vet who had renounced violence to become a minister, David Miller (
After losing her husband in a tragic car accident, suffering a nervous breakdown and slowly starting to piece her life back together, deaf widow Peg (
When actress Lana Dark (
Years after his Uncle Charles (

Based on the penetrating novel by Howard Fast, this coming-of-age tale recounts the adventures of Adam Cooper (
When reserved academic John Cabot slips a magic ring on to his finger, he is somehow transformed into an otherworldly warrior named Tarl Cabot. Now he's stuck on the planet Gor until he can help a princess rescue her royal father.
It's the era of the Wild West, and professional gambler Case Silverthorne (
B-movie stalwart
When Moko the Clown (
This heartwarming family film relates the adventures of a young newsboy (
Hilarity abounds in this farce about a gang of unlikely thieves who rob furs from the rich to give money to the poor. Led with dubious precision by ex-soldier Albert Rayne (
After Maj. William Allison (
The cruelly ambitious Princess Phaedra of Crete sends an assassin to Athens to kill her twin sister, Ariadne. But hero Theseus rescues Ariadne and goes to Crete to stop Phaedra and the evil beast that terrorizes the realm.
During World War II, a guerilla leader named Ramon (
After courageously protecting a pretty dance hall girl (
Based on a classical Chinese legend, Alakazam was one of the first Japanese anime films released in the United States, with
This wacky romantic comedy finds theater mogul Scott Raymond (
Dim-witted privates Philbrick (
In 1719, the Mainwaring family inherits an island off the Carolina coast and establishes a homestead there. Thomas (
After fatally shooting a fleeing teenager, who apparently did nothing wrong, a disgraced policeman (
Three scientists who are involved in atomic research find themselves in a highly uncomfortable situation when unknown forces pull the jet airliner they're passengers on into a dimension that's beyond time. Here, the men find themselves on trial for participating in the creation of the Bomb. This oddball sci-fi thriller from the Cold War years takes on the moral issues linked to nuclear warfare and comes up with clear conclusions.
Inspired by a true story, this little-known 1961 drama stars a young
Unwitting pickup artist Jack Coley (
In this offbeat early-'60s indie, blas
Energetic young Pip (
This Cold War-era thriller stars
This high-impact thriller finds exiled crime boss Colini (
Despite his passionate efforts fighting for the rights of West Indian workers, liberal union leader Jacko (
Jennie Jones (
Longtime bachelor Skip O'Hara (
Traumatized and emotionally stunted by the accidental death of her childhood friend, 17-year-old Brydie White (
Cynical and embittered against "the man" after risking his life in Vietnam, angry vet Mike (
A big-time barrister (
Nature-loving filmmaker
America's DJ
From producer Roger Corman, the master of 1960s exploitation pictures, comes this wild ride of a biker film about conflicted gang leader Cody (
World-weary Prince Leo (
Eva (
Tasked with bringing down a bloodthirsty moonshine syndicate, ATF agent Ray Faulkner decides to venture outside the box and recruits a group of hard-core escaped convicts to aid him in his efforts, promising them their freedom in return.
This stylish satire on modern mores stars
Cruelly manipulated into marrying an unfortunate woman with mental disabilities, a young swineherd engages a newly arrived teacher in town in a passionate love affair, which leads to heartache, deception, murder and an incredibly noble sacrifice. Written and directed by
In the midst of preparing his theater troupe for their upcoming production, Cesar (
Imprisoned for killing a rival, farmer Charles "Pretty Boy" Floyd (
Director
Romance proves inevitable but also nearly impossible in this 1970s drama when rough-cut professional hockey player Billy Duke (
Before "Punk'd" there was "Candid Camera," the mirthful TV show created by prankster
After his fianc
In this classic slice of 1970s erotica, a kindhearted hooker named Dagmar tends to various clients on her last day in the business, including a pair of Japanese businessmen, her stockbroker's virginal son and a cop.
After his buddy Lenny, an African American soldier, is killed in Vietnam, Sgt. Phil Duncan (
Tragedy and comedy blend in a love story told via flashbacks, chronicling the doomed affair between the moneyed young Marcus (
Aging and uptight, former top real estate agent Eddie Gant (
Passion defies time and taboo in this May-December tale of twentysomething Dr. Casey Wagner (

In this erotic drama adapted from
Based on a real criminal case, this legal thriller portrays the struggle of Ray Ellsworth (

Following the rise of the Berlin Wall, determined American soldier Sandy (
When cows on their dairy farm suddenly begin dropping like flies, Kate and Ned De Vries (
Actress
Unaware that she's in possession of top-secret documents, beautiful model Barbara (
Fresh from high school, dewy-eyed Chicago teen T.T. (
Deaf youngster Jonah Corelli (
As a favor to her best friend, Nina (
This engaging made-for-television movie follows the adventures of Ginny "Sweetie Pie" LaRosa (
Shortly after moving into a cute farmhouse in a quaint Louisiana town, Ben (
Two trains, one charging from Los Angeles, the other from San Francisco, barrel toward each other on a single track, and hamstrung railway execs realize too late that deranged engineer Jim Waterman (
Ruthless criminal mastermind Jordan (
Movie star Laurel Stevens (
Teenager Gail Osborne (
Glorious views of the Italian countryside and furious action combine in this thriller about ambitious racing driver Bill Fraser (
During WWII in the deserts of North Africa, a wounded British soldier (
Back for more hilarious misadventures, Dr. Simon Sparrow (
This sci-fi thriller charts the conflict between the peace-loving natives of the planet Jillucia and the attacking Gavanas. In response to the threat, eight warriors are chosen to defend Jillucia.
To collect his hefty inheritance, fun-loving teenager John (
Inspired funnymen
Saddled with a loveless marriage and three ungrateful children, Charlie Walker (
Iago "Mad Bull" Karkus (
A mugger has the city by the throat, grabbing women's purses before slashing them on the cheek with a knife. But when victim number 12 turns up murdered, the police look to Pete Graham (
Terror grips the screen in this horror film about stripper Lucy Carlesi (
Filmed on location in pre-revolutionary Havana, this spicy thriller focuses on casino croupier Ned Sherwood (
Long before a big bank heist, a gangster (
The detectives of New York's 87th precinct are horrified when one of their own is gunned down in cold blood, followed rapidly by the murder of his young partner, in this gritty first adaptation of Ed McBain's best-selling crime novels. Lead investigators Steve Carelli (
After touching down in Wales in a hot-air balloon, 10-year-old French refugee Louis XVII (
This twisty crime caper stars
Charter boat captain Sam Martin's financial woes lead him into an entanglement with Papa Hanagan, a man smuggling illegal arms to Cuban rebels. Despite the support of his friend and wife, Sam is forced to comply with Hanagan's dangerous scheme.
To save his own skin, embattled financial advisor Andre (
When apathetic cops fail to arrest the hockey mask-wearing attacker who made her sing "Jingle Bells" while raping her, seriously angry Linda (
It's the 1950s, and squeaky-clean Joyce (
Reporter Fran Morrison (
Cold War rivalries fuel this action saga starring
While happily honeymooning with his new wife (
This steamy example of mid-1970s exploitation films stars
Down on his luck and trying to keep a grip on his precarious mental health, has-been horror-film icon Paul Toombes (
This 1959 film noir take on "Othello," filmed in Puerto Rico, stars
The huntsman of a rural estate, Asher, rescues orphaned fox cub Tag and raises the pup alongside his family of foxhounds -- one of whom becomes Tag's best pal. As the dogs grow, however, it comes time to hunt, and Tag represents their natural prey. Tag's remarkable skill in evading the hunters becomes legendary, but events turn tragic when Tag's wiliness leads the hounds down a dangerous path, and Asher feels compelled to take action.
While investigating a diamond heist, disgruntled cop Harper (
This crime drama follows Larry Shaw (

In this wild sci-fi thriller penned by Nicholas Meyer (Fatal Attraction), government investigator Neil Agar (
After seeing her mobster boyfriend bump off a rival, sexy moll Cleo (
Under the false notion that he committed murder, panic-stricken Brock (
Inspired by the infamous Mafia convention held in Apalachin, N.Y., in 1957, this bare-knuckles look into the world of organized crime focuses on deported mobster Johnny Lucero (

As a World War II inventor (
With their theatrical troupe on the verge of going bankrupt, struggling performers Arthur (
The exciting adventures of James Lee Wong (
While filling in for injured supersleuth Bulldog Drummond (
Facing expulsion from Oxford for their foolish antics, Arthur (
While investigating a police detective's slaying alongside Capt. Bill Street (
Mistaken as a member of the distinguished Rothschild family, a shabby bum known as the Guv'nor (
Performing his music hall mind-reading act, Maximus (
Turned down at her first audition, shop clerk Elizabeth (
Amid the instability of World War II, shy single girl Celia (
This spooky whodunit begins with the shooting of a woman who has waited 13 years for the reading of her grandfather's will. Was one of her greedy relatives responsible for her death? A private eye helps bumbling detective Speed Dugan investigate.
Infuriated that an artist (
To the dismay of her cereal company sponsor and greedy uncle (
Unassuming stock boy Danny O'Brien is the key suspect when two people are found murdered, one of whom (
Former newspaperman Pete Martin (
After a chance meeting, Baroness Edith (
Based on the novel by Daphne du Maurier, this sweeping epic relates the tale of three generations of two Irish families caught in a relentless feud that first erupts in 1840 when the Brodricks open a copper mine on land belonging to the Donovans. Outsider Fanny Rose Flower (
Based on real events, this historical drama is set in 19th-century Ireland, when poverty-stricken tenants dispossessed by greedy landowner Capt. Boycott (
Jealous husband Lee Warren (
This hard-boiled jailbreak drama follows depraved inmate Jim Sherbondy (
Through her marriage to Laurence (
Physician Paul Marton (
Joan Heseltine (
This biting comedy-drama set in post-World War II England revolves around four people whose lives change forever when they win big in the local football pool. In the first story, a suburban family is split by quarrels over their anticipated luxuries. Other threads follow a clerk who tries to stand up to his wife, a singer who persuades her boyfriend to forge a winning ticket, and a disgruntled musician who seeks revenge on an obnoxious conductor.
Newspaper reporter Nat Hearn (
Several years after graduation, best friends Barbara (
As a stern warning to a teen runaway, a juvenile court official (
When his best friend dies, professional gambler Adam Black (
When the police investigate her artist husband (
The first in Monogram's series starring
Upon learning that a foreign government is developing insects to spread deadly bacteria, British intelligence sends entomologist Frances Gray (
Devoted newlyweds Julie (
While spearheading a major Tunisian dig and pursuing a passionate love affair with gorgeous Anna (
After successfully swindling thousands of dollars from hapless victims, conflicted con artist Mary (
Three stories by W. Somerset Maugham make up an engaging dramatic suite, beginning with "The Ant and the Grasshopper," which features
Actor
Paul Mitchell is an American is hired to guard Leonardo da Vinci's priceless painting Madonna and Child as it travels to be exhibited in London. When it's stolen from the museum, Paul must hunt down the culprits who replaced it with a forgery.
A triptych of witty Noel Coward plays, this classic comedy chronicles a bickering vaudeville duo on the verge of splitting up, one man's (
Failed boxer Ernie Driscoll (
Private eye Edward Mercer (
Caught in a loveless marriage, Dr. John Winnington (

Britain's control of India is jeopardized when warlords Ahmed Shir (
When things start going wrong at a holed-away government laboratory in the New Mexico desert, a special agent (
A cheeky sequel to the 1948 mermaid tale Miranda, this romantic fantasy relates the further land adventures of the lovely and man-crazy mermaid from the first movie, again played by British film veteran
Lawman Cruze (
While in London trying to nab several fugitives who stole a million dollars from a U.S. Treasury vault, American federal agent Dennison (
To discover the hidden booty of Captain Kidd (
Through an amusing series of mistakes and misunderstandings, Peter (
Produced in quasi-documentary style, this vintage crime thriller stars
To make an honest woman of his pregnant sister, Rosalie (
Set against the glitz and glamour of the French Riviera, this comedy follows the misadventures of a father and daughter con artist team (
Before getting nabbed by the cops, a jewel thief hides a small fortune in stolen goods aboard an empty barge. But when he later returns to claim his loot, he runs into heaps of trouble with the boat's beautiful tenants and a pair of nosy old ladies. Directed by
Deep in the Moroccan desert, a hostile Arab tribe overruns a French Foreign Legion outpost. The dastardly Sheik El Zanal (
After being framed for a murder he didn't commit, Tom Penney serves his time and returns to his rural English home to establish a quiet life. When another victim is found, however, Tom is blamed for the crime and flees.
In need of quick cash for an operation for his son, used car dealer Nick Dunn (
While dangerously double crossing the mob, Tony (
Accompanied by a geology professor (
In an inhospitable wasteland far from civilization, a powerful alien touches down and begins tampering with nature, turning calm animals like birds and chickens into violently aggressive beasts that attack members of a dysfunctional farming family. The extraterrestrial invader also uses its mind-control abilities to harmfully influence Him (
Three titans of the horror genre make appearances in this grisly period piece about a young doctor on the verge of being wrongfully executed for murder. Enter Sir Joel Cadman (
The second film in the engaging "Doctor" series follows carefree bachelor doctor Simon Sparrow (
Los Angeles in the 1950s is the star of this intriguing drama spanning one overnight shift at a chaotic emergency hospital, where the hardworking doctors and nurses treat assorted injuries and illnesses while coping with their complex personal lives. Dr. Janet Carey (
Outlaw Tris Hatten (
Waking up after a night of drinking and flirting with nightclub singer Irene (
After returning home to a rugged island near Nova Scotia, Joanna (
This tense espionage drama takes place in Hawaii, where Dr. Jim Ransom (
Private eye Nick Trayne (
After preventing a gang of outlaws disguised as Indians from holding up a stagecoach, U.S. Marshals Ken (
After returning home from the Korean War and discovering that his public relations firm was sold, traumatized ex-POW Alan (
After a motorist runs him off the road and drives away, angry cyclist Murdoch Troon (
Committed to overthrowing a bloodthirsty tyrant, brave freedom fighter Blaine (
Born the son of a working-class washerwoman, Edward Henry "Denry" Machin (
On the tension-filled night of an inmate's scheduled execution, a group of pent-up prisoners are pushed to the brink of sanity and stage a violent revolution, inciting a riot that ends the lives of both guards and fellow convicts.
Guided by their eldest sibling, Holly (
When a fed-up businessman tires of watching gold shipments disappear without a trace, he calls in the Trail Blazers (
Years after Det. Sam Wagner (
This family-friendly animated film follows the journey of Sammy, a sea turtle who leaves the beach where he was born and spends the next 50 years exploring the world's oceans, all while trying to find his first love, another turtle named Shelly.
When his pregnant wife (
After futilely hunting a mysterious arsonist dubbed "Firefly," upright police officer Jack (
Traveling from the far future, a man seeks to change the past for his own nefarious reasons, and another time traveler sets out to stop him with the help of a history professor who's fled back to the Wild West of the 1880s.
Older and wiser, Air Force Maj. Lee Gannon (
Aghast at the cruel punishments handed out by Mr. Riggs (
Sam Hyatt (
This "Creepshow"-style anthology features a trio of short slasher flicks: the tale of a puppeteer who gets revenge on his family; the story of a woman whose murderous visions become all too real; and the tale of a thief and a sinister garden gnome. Loosely connecting the three films is the grim fate of two punks who steal these movies from a local video store. Contributing directors include
When malicious ghosts start haunting her quaint inn, frightened Iris (
Set during the Korean War, this hard-charging drama follows tank sergeant Brad Dunne (
On direct orders from his mafia boss uncle (
Misery chases overweight teen Rita Matchett (
Neille Banesh (
When her wealthy father perishes in a plane crash, Valerie Craig (
Designed to be the pilot for a nighttime soap that never got off the ground, writer-director
Produced just after the end of World War II, this gripping documentary combines authentic combat footage and dramatic reenactments to examine the disastrous British attempt to capture a crucial bridge at Arnhem in Nazi-occupied Holland, in 1944. Shot on location and using many of the battle's original participants, this film critiques the operation while honoring the courage of paratroopers who took part in what became a near-suicidal mission.
During WWII in occupied France, the Nazis turn a spa hotel into an internment camp for Englishwomen, including nun Rosemary (
Tapping the experiences of Washington, D.C., journalist Al Chop (
After framing incorruptible vice squad detective Brandon (
It's an engineering feat of historical proportions -- but at what cost?
American shopgirl Lindy Smith (
Cheryl, without a doubt, witnessed a murder. But when she reports the incident, the police conclude she was dreaming. Now, the killer will see to it that Cheryl ceases to claim what she saw. Can one cop figure out the case before it's too late?
Twelve years after he abandoned his son, Jeff, outlaw Nate Blaine (
Bound together by a sturdy pair of handcuffs, hardened criminal George (
After their apartment burns down, Mike and Zan Cooper (
After staging a mutiny and commandeering his own ship, famed pirate Barbarossa (
Renowned English writer W. Somerset Maugham introduces four wonderful productions of his well-known short stories "The Facts of Life," "The Kite," "The Alien Corn" and "The Colonel's Lady" in this program. A young man's life in Monte Carlo displeases his father; another young man has issues with his new wife and mother; a pianist hits the wrong note; and a man's very low-key wife turns out to be a famous writer.
Under the strict supervision of Signora Bondini (
When married and old Henry (
This unusual 1959 drama follows American Steve Daggett (
In French director
Strange things start to happen when a crew of archeologists, including British Capt. Storm (
This intense drama highlights the evils of gossip as teenage schoolgirl Barbara Vining (

This intriguing biopic stars
After surviving an accident that left a girl dead, Jim Ackland (
This anime classic tells the story of Horus, a young Scandinavian hero entrusted with the magic Sword of the Sun. As the boy's father lays dying, he sends Horus to his family's ancestral home, which is under siege by the evil ice demon Grunwald.
This anime classic tells the story of Horus, a young Scandinavian hero entrusted with the magic Sword of the Sun. As the boy's father lays dying, he sends Horus to his family's ancestral home, which is under siege by the evil ice demon Grunwald.
Promising a trip that transcends time and space, a drug called Soy Sauce is sweeping the landscape -- and quietly robbing users of their humanity. Now, it's up to a couple of slackers to stop the psychotropic invasion before it's too late.
This series invites viewers on an emotional and intimate journey as the final wishes of the deceased are revealed to the family members left behind. But what happens when there's room for interpretation in the final will?
Javier Fern
Viktor knows the value of life more than most, which makes him the perfect killer. But after a ruthless betrayal by his bosses, he escapes to London, joins a new family, and finds himself caught in a vicious underworld power struggle.
A maverick detective and a victim's vengeful brother form a death squad to fight Japanese Yakuza mobsters, a gang that extorts money from the residents of little Tokyo under the threat of death.
Once left for dead by his warrior brethren, young samurai Yamada Nagamasa becomes a bodyguard to King Naresuan the Great after working tirelessly to master Muay Thai boxing. But Yamada must face his past when his betrayers return to finish the job.
While celebrating her own recent engagement, Mia travels to the Swedish countryside to attend the engagement party of her estranged father. When she meets her soon-to-be stepsister, sparks fly and Mia finds herself unexpectedly falling in love.



Moments after parachuting from Flight 777, a former Marine and a flight attendant find themselves descending into a world of madness. Panic and chaos plague the streets, cities are on fire, and they're being hunted by a team of mercenaries.
Kristoffer, a 24-year-old billboard hanger, never expected his video diary to end up on Norwegian national television. But when his innermost thoughts air on a popular talk show, it turns Kristoffer's already rocky love life on its head.
When two rich teens meet the alluring, older Luisa, they try to impress her with stories of a road trip to a secret beach, then convince her to join them. What follows is an escapade involving seduction, conflict and the harsh realities of poverty.
This fact-based drama explores the less-than-heroic side of World War II Danish Resistance fighters Flame and Citron, who, after taking orders from a Resistance leader, systematically assassinated Danish collaborators and Nazi officers.


Romance becomes reality for Emilia Greenleaf (
Miss G., a teacher at a girls' boarding school, is unusually close with one of her charges, Di. But when the arrival of a new student evokes strong emotions, disrupting Miss G.'s relationship with the others, it is certain that someone will get hurt.
In this white-knuckle crime flick, out-of-work hit man Jay teams with his partner, Gal, for a three-contract job that rapidly turns from routine to obscene as the call of duty takes a twisted toll on Jay's sanity and sense of control.
After achieving early success as filmmaking partners, ex-friends Splick and Jason have logged 15 years of declining results -- on- and off-screen. With their career options running out, they settle their differences and reunite to make another movie.
This animated spinoff of Disney's beloved Peter Pan features young Jake and his friends sailing for treasure in Never Land on their flagship, Bucky. There's plenty of music and adventure on board -- as well as the trickery of their foe, Captain Hook.



In this coming-of-age comedy that picks up where the popular series left off, Will, Simon, Jay and Neil go on holiday to Crete after a series of unfortunate events unfolds during their final week at Rudge Park Comprehensive.
Based on Chetan Bhagat's novel
Episodes focus on great minds of sci fi whose spark of imagination changed our reality. See what events influenced the prophecies and the animation that brings them to life; once visionary technology is now put into practice.

After herbalist Xu Xian weds a woman who saved him from drowning, he discovers that she's an incarnation of the 1,000-year-old Madame White Snake. Desperate to escape his monstrous new wife, Xu Xian turns to the demon-fighting sorcerer Fa Hai.
An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.
This animated spinoff of Disney's beloved Peter Pan features young Jake and his friends sailing for treasure in Never Land on their flagship, Bucky. There's plenty of music and adventure on board -- as well as the trickery of their foe, Captain Hook.
Animal Planet's Fatal Attractions features people who bring deadly animals into their homes due to obsession, loneliness and desire. This gripping series examines the most extraordinary pet attacks of recent years.
An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.

Walter Matthau's son Charles helms this faithful adaptation of Elmore Leonard's page-turner about a Detroit cop poised to make a comeback. Once assigned to the bomb squad, he's now solving sex crimes. But his beat's never been more explosive.
They said it was bananas. They said it was cornball. "Never," they said. We did it anyway: a brand-new season of Bluth-style insanity is almost here, with all episodes available at once.
Reeling from the destruction of World War VI, planet Earth is dying. When scientists discover a potentially habitable planet, a brave navigator leads an exploration mission. Soon, however, political treachery threatens the mission and the crew.
When an ancient book of spells transforms six naughty Catholic schoolgirls into a coven of sexy witches, all hell breaks loose. Practicing their black craft, the devilish darlings plan to resurrect a demon -- through human sacrifice.
In this eerie chiller, a beautiful American woman returns to her ancestral home in Ireland hoping to discover the cause of her hallucinations and blackouts -- never suspecting that an ancient druid curse is at work.
In this riff on The Blair Witch Project, a notorious rap mogul offers a reward for the capture of Da Hip Hop Witch, whose attacks are victimizing hip-hop artists in the greater New York and New Jersey areas.
When an international antiterrorist squad discovers the existence of a device capable of initiating the meltdown of every nuclear power plant on the planet, it's up to squad leader Jack Logan to save the day.
While his pregnant wife languors in a coma after a car crash, John Barrett discovers she's been secretly carrying on with a married man who escaped from the accident alive. Now, John will do anything to find out what really happened that night.
During a street gang initiation rite, a botched carjacking leaves an innocent man dead and the young killer free when he beats the rap. But Dre has a conscience and wants to make things right, so he befriends the family of the man he murdered.
A weekend trip to the country turns into a nightmare for Matt Sullivan when he finds himself held captive and put on trial by his new girlfriend's family for running down their youngest daughter in a drunk-driving accident three years earlier.
After his career stalls and his girlfriend moves out, an ad exec relies on the support of his longtime platonic best friend to get him through his romantic troubles. But has he been looking for love in all the wrong places all this time?
Ordinary guys in search of a more exciting life and a lucrative profession decide it's time to get made and become "goodfellas." But it turns out there's more to the job than they initially expected, and soon their back are against the wall.
After finding the mutilated bodies of the crew of a downed plane in a forest, a rescue party realizes there's something deadly in the woods with them -- and they'll need to use a high-tech machine to find out what it is, and to make it out alive.
An automated commercial jetliner suddenly deviates from its route and establishes a circular pattern over Seattle. It soon becomes evident that a disgruntled ex-employee has hacked the flight's computer system from his home and hijacked the plane.
Inside a posh golf course, country club members find the grass is greener on the other side when a disgruntled greenskeeper starts mowing down lives. As the body count rises, young Allen must stay on par with the killer to stay alive.
This fast-paced documentary directed by
When a medical experiment goes awry, a group of lab rats develop psychic powers and turn homicidal. And one rat that gets an extra dose of the serum grows to human size and terrorizes a group of teenagers.
When a retired professor travels to Canada from his home in England to receive a lifetime achievement award from the University of Victoria, the trip stirs up regrets, remorse and a torrent of painful memories.
Michelle and Brianne head to their uncle's vacation house in Malibu for spring break, where they plan to throw the best beach bash ever. But the housekeeper's daughter and her cousin are apparently bunking there, too, which may cramp their style.
Five New Yorkers come to terms with the bittersweet reality of life in this collection of intertwined stories. Single dad Sam struggles to raise his son, while elderly Herb honors a deceased friend with a perilous act.
A former boxer and washed-up trainer could get one last hurrah in the form of a raw young fighter who displays championship potential. But the novice pugilist has a self-destructive streak and a troubled past that could sink his fledgling career.
Years ago, a girl was raped and murdered inside a town's slaughterhouse, and the accused killer was hanged in an act of vigilante justice. Now, a group of students is out to test the legend that his ghost reappears on the anniversary of his death.
A young intern at a chic fashion monthly does her best to rise through the ranks and sniff out a peer who's been spying for a rival magazine -- all while nurturing a romance with the charming assistant art director.
Within 24 hours at a sleepy Nova Scotia community, a town scandal looms on the horizon; a store clerk repeatedly attempts suicide (even as a handyman repeatedly interrupts him); and an uptight real estate agent drifts apart from her husband, a cop.
When she wakes up with amnesia, Michelle has no idea who she is and whether she has any family. She's sent to a group home and befriends a kindly doctor, but things take a dark turn when people around her start turning up dead.
Deported from the United States, would-be immigrant Er Di finds readjusting to life in China more daunting than expected. Though his romance with an opera performer buoys Er Di, he longs to see the illegitimate son he sired in America.
Two young basketball players from opposite sides of the tracks walk a mile in each other's shoes in this drama. After a vicious postgame brawl, Donnell and Jason are forced to perform community service on each other's home turf.
The twisted minds from National Lampoon serve up a blend of spoofs of reality TV shows like "Cops" and "Fear Factor" and the zany antics of "Jackass" alums
Traumatized by the death of his parents, lonely hairdresser Xen inexplicably develops the ability to read minds, a skill he uses to entertain himself. But when he's unable to hear the thoughts of a new customer, Xen's life takes an unexpected turn.
After making good on a high-school pact to become physicians despite extraordinary odds, three friends return to their tough hometown of Newark, N.J., to practice medicine and inspire at-risk youths to stay in school and off the streets.
Archeologists examining an Egyptian sarcophagus in the Louvre accidentally unleash the long-trapped demon Belphegor, who takes control of a local shopkeeper and sets out to reclaim his lost treasures from the museum's collection of artifacts.
Tired of the emotional hassles of dating and relationships, successful and beautiful pals Donna (
Newly released from prison, Anthony does his best to rebuild his life, getting a job and reconnecting with his ex-girlfriend Jade and their young son. But when Anthony finds himself in a bind, he's forced to consider a return to the criminal life.
When pretty 15-year-old Rachel goes missing, the police dismiss the incident as a runaway, but her parents and everyone soon suspect envious 19-year-old Caroline, the overweight, acne-ridden daughter of a domineering father.
When convicted killer Deke Evans returns home after serving his sentence, he discovers that his once-peaceful town is now the epicenter of a plague that's morphing everyday citizens into possessed alien creatures.

In the mountains of Algeria, a French army lieutenant takes command of a platoon and is soon leading the men into a dangerous place called the Forbidden Zone, where his will -- and his morality -- are tested by the atrocities of war.
In the barren beauty of Alaska, two I
When a sanitary engineer at the Barworth Atomic Research Centre leaves on vacation with an attach
Rocker Lenny Kravitz's daughter, Zo
This inspirational documentary profiles five individuals who came out as lesbian, gay or transgender after the age of 55, and examines the reasons for the timing of their decisions to reveal their orientation to their family and friends.
Although 23-year-old Laura lives in the largest city in the world, she's lonely and consumed by the fact that she's going to die on April 30. After joining several optimists who are in the same boat, Laura determines to save a life before she dies.
When Troy returns to Los Angeles after many years in Barcelona, he finds that his ex-boyfriend Jonathan has begun dating Raul, a handsome South American immigrant. When Raul senses the sexual tension between the exes, temperatures rise.
In an update of the Roger Corman classic Attack of the 50 Foot Woman, cheerleader Cassie Stratford downs an experimental drug that's supposed to enhance her looks and abilities. But instead, it promotes spirited growth.
Sick of his dead-end job and empty love life, struggling artist Jackson goes on a raunchy journey through Los Angeles to try to pep things up. As he attempts to alleviate his loneliness, he has a string of bizarre sexual experiences.
When five friends disappear during a road trip, police discover videos that graphically detail their bizarre and horrific experiences after crashing into an RV and encountering the warped deviants of an isolated community.
A perceptive teen who's adrift in a sea of family dysfunction finds comfort and acceptance in the company of his nonconformist grandmother. Meanwhile, his mother thinks he needs a life coach, and his father thinks he's gay.
The lives of four unique Elvis impersonators intertwine in this inspiring story of passion and hardship. From small-town America to the bright lights of Vegas, this documentary highlights the performers' undying love for Elvis Presley.
The descendants of Adolf Hitler's inner circle -- including Hermann Goering, Heinrich Himmler and Amon Goeth -- come to terms with their infamous surnames and the role their families played in the Holocaust.
A couple discovers an old map in a family heirloom music box. The map shows the location of a treasure on the former estate of a Spanish land baron, but guarding the hidden fortune is a huge netherworld creature, a terrifying, cave-dwelling beast.
In this chilling thriller, a group of art thieves conspires to recover a stolen painting missing for decades. But when love and murder enter the picture, the crooks lose the one thing that's been holding them together ... trust.
A dramatic exploration of the life and struggles of the great composer, J.S. Bach, from his orphaning at the age of nine, through his struggles for the freedom to compose music in a restrictive society, to his eventual recognition after death.
While battling the Nottingham Sheriff, Robin Hood and his band of merry men are slain. Distraught over these horrific turn of events Marian and Little John attempt to resurrect Robin and his comrades. In doing so they inadvertently turned the one-time heroes into the living dead.
This hard-hitting journey through today's youth justice system is seen through the eyes of Tommy Nix, whose rage erupts uncontrollably when his girlfriend and unborn child are brutally torn away as collateral damage by a ruthless and murderous gang.
Poor inventor's daughter Annie Rooney is head over heels for Marty White, the son of a millionaire rubber magnate. But joining Marty's daunting social circle proves difficult until Annie's father comes through with a promising new product.
While on a business trip in Budapest in the midst of World War II, Italian cattle dealer Giorgio Perlasca risks his own life to pose as a Spanish diplomat and save more than 5,000 Jews from deportation.
Tucked away in his castle, a hypochondriac inventor plays generous host to a revolving cast of wacky guests. But to pay off his mounting debts, he must sell either a powerful businessman or a rich gypsy on his latest creation: a laser skywriter.
Self-made mogul David Hawkner and his wife get much more than they bargained for when the tycoon -- who's considering retirement -- invites his potential successor to spend a weekend at a secluded retreat to test his grit.
Once a legendary player on the Australian Rules football circuit, Laurie Holden has become the coach of a mediocre team -- and his job is at risk. But can he spur his club to a championship amid behind-the-scenes backbiting, maneuvering and conflict?
Charlie Case is beautiful, talented and a martial arts expert. When her mother is murdered and her father is kidnapped, Charlie sets out to solve the mystery with the help of Rex Beechum, a tough sports reporter with a nose for a good story.
When a rocket containing biohazardous material crashes in a remote wooded area, an Army team is sent to recover it. One of the men is infected and mutates into a monster, killing most of the rest of the team but struggling to retain his humanity.
After escaping from an off-world prison, a group of brutal criminals makes their way to the moon -- where buried beneath the surface is an arsenal of nuclear warheads that the convicts intend to use as their ticket to Earth.
A snooty female production assistant and an eager gopher at a TV station are assigned by their boss to locate a mysterious cassette. They quickly find themselves framed for murder and pursued by government agents.
Eager to have a child, an infertile couple seeks help at a sperm bank and are thrilled when the procedure works. But their joy is cut short after they discover the donor is a psychopath willing to kill anyone who stands between him and his baby.
Miss Murillo is nicknamed Maya by her pupils: young Puerto Rican and black students from New York. Her teaching, mainly based on Mexican culture and Aztec philosophy, makes her popular with the class.
In Edwardian England, boozy wastrel Uncle Willie is the bane of his family. But things take an interesting turn when it's decided to let Uncle Willie buy a bicycle shop in order to impress an American heiress in love with his nephew.
A stagehand, who is preoccupied with girls, and his pal try to see all the happening London shows in one night. As they travel around town, they encounter strippers, crooked cops, rocking beat groups and lots of pop stars.
Teen idol
The keys to freedom for citizens of Hong Kong are U.S. passports, as their city quakes with the imminent transition to Chinese Communist rule. A deadly black market for passports is thriving, controlled by Hong Kong's warlords.
In this 10th film of the Carry On series, the incorrigible Mark Antony falls for Cleopatra's charms and together they plan to overthrow Julius Caesar, but are continuously thwarted by two British slaves, Hengist and Horsa.
Stodge City is in the grip of the Rumpo Kid and his gang. Mistaken identity takes a hand as a British plumber is erroneously thought to be a lawman. Being a conscientious sort, he tries to help the town get rid of Rumpo, and a showdown is inevitable.
Even from a prison cell, Al Capone rules his underworld empire with violence and corruption. But one man stands in his way to absolute power: an FBI agent who's determined to find the evidence that links the gangster to a series of brutal murders.
Documentary about sixteen actors who detail their ups and downs as they struggle to forge careers in Hollywood. They've played cops, lawyers, bosses, best friends, psychopaths, politicians and everything in between. Now you'll know who they are.
Based on the Walt Longmire mystery novels by Craig Johnson, this contemporary crime thriller focuses on a Wyoming sheriff who's rebuilding his life and career following the death of his wife.
In this intriguing combination of historical mystery and martial-arts actioner, Liu Jin-xi, a seemingly humble paper maker, is hounded by a persistent detective after events reveal he might possibly be a killer with a complex, blood-soaked past.
Adapted from the Japanese film Rashomon, At the Gate of the Ghost centers on the mystery surrounding the murder of a warlord, as told through three witnesses: a young monk, a woodcutter and an undertaker.
Based on the Walt Longmire mystery novels by Craig Johnson, this contemporary crime thriller focuses on a Wyoming sheriff who's rebuilding his life and career following the death of his wife.
Assisted by his workshop full of talking tools, Latino handyman Manny runs his own fix-it shop in the town of Sheetrock. This animated series features characters who speak in English and Spanish, helping young viewers learn in both languages.
Some weddings may be fairy tales come true, but these ceremonies are more like nightmares due to the unreasonable demands, temper tantrums and explosive behavior of the brides involved, as revealed in this addictive reality series.
Assisted by his workshop full of talking tools, Latino handyman Manny runs his own fix-it shop in the town of Sheetrock. This animated series features characters who speak in English and Spanish, helping young viewers learn in both languages.

In the early 1920s, on the streets of Beijing, the nation's most talented performers have gathered to show off their most spectacular skills. The challenge is set: a handsome prize to whoever can reproduce a magic trick called the Eight Immortals.
A beanstalk brings Jack to a land in the clouds filled with evil beasts in this fantasy tale (not to be confused with the hit Jack the Giant Slayer). When the creatures make their way to Earth, Jack must follow suit to save his hometown.
When four siblings gather to celebrate their father's 70th birthday, the proverbial you-know-what hits the fan because one of them has penned a novel populated by characters who strongly resemble his nearest and dearest. How will this dysfunctional family keep it together after everyone has seemingly been hung out to dry?
Shot over the course of five days at Scotland's annual T in the Park music festival, this unconventional romance centers on a pair of bickering rockers who are handcuffed together; 24 hours later, they're falling in love.
This Christian-oriented drama based on real events describes a woman's search for her husband's killer, and her slow return to faith afterwards. Reunited with an old friend, the bereaved widow is inspired by his mission to help inner-city children.
Angela, Tiphany, Mia and Auti are four friends defying life's challenges - all while living in wheelchairs. Share the laughter, the daily challenges, and the personal triumphs of these independent women, who never let their disabilities define them.
Angela, Tiphany, Mia and Auti are four friends defying life's challenges - all while living in wheelchairs. Share the laughter, the daily challenges, and the personal triumphs of these independent women, who never let their disabilities define them.
Trekking 40,000 miles through 25 different countries, "extreme missionaries"
Trekking 40,000 miles through 25 different countries, "extreme missionaries"
Teenagers' use of social media to propel gossip into high-powered bullying is examined in this gripping drama about a group of wealthy private-school kids whose arrogant leader, Zack, obtains vicious revenge when Xandrie refuses his advances.
Trekking 40,000 miles through 25 different countries, "extreme missionaries"
Though her devout family believes her to be pious and dutiful, 17-year-old Daniela secretly runs a sex confession site for teens with desires like hers. In spite of priests and parents hovering, her sexuality finds a way to blossom in cyberspace.
Ambitious high school senior Carson Philips is bent on escaping his narrow-minded hometown for college. His last few weeks of school unwind in flashback -- until the fateful day when lightning strikes.
When
Trekking 40,000 miles through 25 different countries, "extreme missionaries"
Plagued by d
A con man hires two unemployed actors to play a dangerous prank on a top executive. But they soon discover that the joke is actually on them, and now they're on the run from the police and a cartel of mobsters.
There's trouble in the jungle, and as usual, Mowgli and Mani are at the center of it all! While they enjoy their time drumming away at logs in the jungle, Shere Khan plots to put an end to the noise.

Unable to pay a gambling debt to a local mobster, Jimbo robs a fish market. But when he realizes the mobster owns the market he held up, he goes on the run with his baby son, soon winding up in a curio shop with several quirky hostages.

After witnessing his parents' brutal murder, a young boy is raised by a martial arts master who grooms him to be a lethal killer. Some 20 years later, it's time to take revenge on the assassins who destroyed his childhood.
Following a car accident that leaves him in a coma and his wife and son dead, Jeff awakens to find he is able to see the specters of people who have died horribly, and later learns that these souls are forced to relive their own deaths for eternity.
Chart the experiences of musical prodigy Chyna Parks, a gifted young singer who skips her way up to a local high school's Advanced Natural Talent program, much to the annoyance of her fellow prodigies.
It's the story of a wealthy family that lost everything, and the one son who had no choice but to keep them all together. It's "Arrested Development," the Emmy Award and Golden Globe-winning series starring one of the funniest ensembles in TV comedy.

This fascinating documentary follows innovative musician
When enigmatic Rai saves young dancer Bruno from a mugging, an intimate and adventurous friendship soon develops between the two men. Throw Bruno's girlfriend, Carla, into the mix, however, and emotions suddenly become more complicated.
In the wake of an all-night party in New York City, John and his beautiful friends Mia and Violet have a series of frank conversations. These insights change their attitudes toward each other in the hours leading up to yet another party.
When the Belfast police are stalled in their investigation of a spate of murders, Detective Superintendent Stella Gibson is drafted to investigate. Under her lead, the team uncovers an intricate web of lives entangled by the killings.
It's the year 2030, and the government has outlawed Christianity. Enter Zach Thompson, a brave man who teams up with a friend to hack into the government's computer system to reclaim religious freedom for Americans.
After discovering that his lawn has been completely destroyed by raccoons, frustrated Jeff foolishly cheats on his wife, Nealy, which leads to a series of agonizing predicaments involving his best friend's husband and next-door neighbor.
Fleeing London to evade a gangland debt collector, Omi Khurana returns to his native village in India, passing himself off as a successful lawyer. But when he discovers a childhood flame is about to be married, Omi resolves to head off the union.

Based on the best-selling books, this series tells the stories of fictional teenage women at turning points in American history. The hopes and dreams, trials and tribulations of a time period are captured by each young woman's unique voice.
Drawn from the beloved books, this fun-filled series follows Spyler and his dog CeCe as they hunt for hidden objects in their oversized world. A truck named Wheeler and a duck named Duck join in the fun, and kids get to play along, too!

The beloved book series comes to life in this family-friendly show about a group of middle-school misses who operate a baby-sitting service. When they aren't on the job, the girls navigate school, family life and, of course, young love.
Join Ms. Frizzle as the Magic Schoolbus travels to outer space, under the sea, through an anthill -- and even inside the human body! With Friz's students and trusty lizard sidekick Liz along for the ride, the possibilities are endless.

Join Ms. Frizzle as the Magic Schoolbus travels to outer space, under the sea, through an anthill -- and even inside the human body! With Friz's students and trusty lizard sidekick Liz along for the ride, the possibilities are endless.
Based on the best-selling Scholastic books; Dear America features the rich and spirited stories of fictional teenage women at various turning points in American history. The hopes and dreams, trials and tribulations of a time period are captured by each young woman's unique voice.
Drawn from the beloved books, this fun-filled series follows Spyler and his dog CeCe as they hunt for hidden objects in their oversized world. A truck named Wheeler and a duck named Duck join in the fun, and kids get to play along, too!
The beloved book series comes to life in this family-friendly show about a group of middle-school misses who operate a baby-sitting service. When they aren't on the job, the girls navigate school, family life and, of course, young love.

Anthropologist Dennis Alan travels to Haiti in search of a mysterious voodoo powder that turns the living into semiconscious zombies. But as he comes closer to finding the mystical drug, the natives turn Alan's life into a nightmare.
In Disney's animated take on Greek mythology, the heavenly Hercules is stripped of his immortality and raised on Earth instead of Olympus, where he's forced to take on Hades and assorted monsters.
When dim-bulb actor Cameron Drake (
When young attorney Rudy Baylor goes to work for a seedy ambulance chaser, he wants to help the parents of a terminally ill boy sue their insurance company. But to take on corporate America, Rudy and a scrappy paralegal must open their own law firm.

Bewildered astronaut George Taylor crash-lands on a strange planet ruled by intelligent apes who use primitive humans for experimentation and sport. Taylor finds himself among the hunted as he tries to escape the apes and uncover their dark secret.
When a mercenary named Cutter accepts an assignment in Ireland, he realizes too late that his new commandos are double agents for the IRA. Enraged by the deception, Cutter exacts revenge on the soldiers who hired him to do their dirty work.
When new prison warden Henry Brubaker (
After the beautiful but troublemaking Carmen sets her sights on pilot-in-training Joe, he leaves his girl, deserts the Army and kills a man, prompting the couple to flee from justice. Soon, the tragic events they've set in motion come full circle.
Although they're married to other people, accountant George and housewife Doris engage in a 25-year affair, meeting only once a year for a romantic weekend together. The otherwise mismatched couple's forbidden relationship evolves with the times.
Lora, a white widow with a daughter, and Annie, a black single mother, move in together and face a huge challenge as they try to raise their children. Annie's daughter favors her light-skinned father and comes to resent her mother's black identity.

A small-town girl heads to Broadway, where she meets a plucky songbird and a bewitching beauty. This adaptation of
Ready-to-retire safecracker Nick, flamboyant fence Max and talented but volatile thief Jackie team up to rob the Montreal Customs House. The score could put them all on easy street, but Nick is growing increasingly uncomfortable with the operation.
Margaret becomes concerned about her teenage son Beau, who's been keeping company with a gay 30-year-old gambler named Darby. When Darby visits Beau late one night, a fight between the two leads to Darby's accidental death.
When gooey green aliens kidnap all the adults in Retroville, it's up to Jimmy Neutron to come up with a plan to rescue them. The 11-year-old genius and his pals blast off in homemade rocket ships on an intergalactic mission.
Four bored, occasionally high and always ineffective Vermont state troopers must prove their worth to the governor or lose their jobs. After stumbling on a drug ring, they plan to make a bust, but a rival police force is out to steal the glory.

After being snuffed and sent to hell, federal agents Mike Mattress and Dean Crept find a way to escape. Returning to Earth as gumshoes, they try to perform good deeds and earn their way into heaven -- all while being chased by the cops and the devil.
Inspector Gadget, the bumbling but fearless crime fighter with accessories galore, is back defending the city of Riverton, joined by loyal niece Penny and G2, Gadget's robotic love interest. The Claw is ever present as Gadget's scheming nemesis.
Thrill seeker Lara Croft journeys to an underwater temple, where she finds a sphere that contains a map pointing to the mythical Pandora's Box. But the orb is promptly stolen by the leader of a Chinese crime syndicate.
In this dark slice-of-life comedy, an Arkansas clan -- including good ol' boy Claude Montgomery and his green-eyed wife -- travels to Little Rock to help a recently jailed relative. But the minute they unpack their bags, family infighting erupts.
When scientist Wayne Szalinski's troublesome invention shrinks him, his brother and their wives so effectively that their children believe they've disappeared, the kids think they have free rein, unaware that their parents are watching every move.
Air Force pilot Jimmy takes a shine to a chimpanzee that's being used as a guinea pig for top secret military experiments. Jimmy hooks up with empathetic primate expert Teri, and together the threesome makes a stand against the abusive lab coats.
Inspired by his deep Christian faith, "Man in Black"
For the students at a Catholic school for girls, one particular nun made their lives a living hell -- until she disappeared. But years later, when alumnae begin dropping off, the survivors can't help but feel a familiar, menacing presence among them.
In Disney's animated follow-up to the 1981 classic, Tod the fox and Copper the hound see their friendship put to the test when Copper finds fame with a howling country-and-western dog band -- and jealousy strikes Tod.
Stanley is too shy to admit he's in love with his co-worker Margaret. He's ready to give up and take his own life when the devil appears with a bargain. In exchange for his soul, Stanley makes seven wishes aimed at improving his life.
Classic "Schoolhouse Rock!" cartoons take on a brand-new attitude in this collection of animated music videos featuring green-themed songs penned to celebrate Earth Day. Kids will have a blast
The Three Little Pigs refuse to be scared by a hungry wolf -- and get a crash course in construction -- in one of several Disney versions of children's fairy tales collected in this anthology.
In a distant land, a poor lad named Mickey -- who aspires to a life of luxury -- finds he's a perfect double for the crown prince, who wants to break the bonds of responsibility. When the boys trade places, they uncover a plot to overthrow the king.
Mickey and the rest of the gang star in this collection of stories inspired by fairy tales, including "Mickey and the Beanstalk," "The Brave Little Tailor," "Thru the Mirror," "Gulliver Mickey" and "Mr. Mouse Takes a Trip."
Thanks to his excessive spending, the incorrigible J. Thaddeus Toad is about to lose the home he adores, Toad Manor. Luckily, his good friends Rat, Mole and Angus MacBadger will help Mr. Toad -- as long as he promises to adjust his attitude.
When speedy Max Hare and poky Toby Tortoise compete in a foot race, Max is certain he'll win. But as the overconfident hare stops along the way to show off his athletic skills and take a nap, the persistent Toby moves steadily toward the finish line.
During an evening apart, married couple Joanna and Michael encounter tempting opportunities to cheat on each other: Michael spends time on a business trip with his sexy colleague, Laura, while Joanna crosses paths with a former flame, Alex.
A terrorized woman escapes from a bayou inhabited by a vicious murderer whose outward deformities hide an even more twisted soul. Determined to avenge the murder of her family, she returns to the scene with backup.
Slacker "Slam" Slamsky hopes for success at an advertising agency, but his constant pot smoking and lackadaisical attitude cost him both his job and his girlfriend. Can he make the grade in the online world of viral videos?
Asked by her dying husband to locate a boy he fathered through a sperm donation decades ago, a repressed housewife sets out on a wild road trip, shedding her strict morals and making an unlikely connection with her husband's troubled son.
This gore-soaked grindhouse indie follows a group of revelers who find themselves trapped in an old warehouse and fighting for their lives after their late-night party unleashes the wrath of a brutal, sledgehammer-wielding madman.
Even though a devastating murder took place during a small town's horror film festival two years earlier, townspeople want another festival. Detective Al Jason is charged with preventing another horrific stabbing.


A deaf, blind recluse with few ties to the outside world finds an ideal mate in a disabled woman, who expands his universe and inspires his passions. Their life together might not be grand, but it's beautiful in its simplicity.
To his mute older sister's dismay, a 10-year-old boy puts a badly injured rabbit out of its misery with a brick -- and soon the siblings find themselves in a world of nightmares that leads to the unraveling of family secrets.
When a fiercely competitive 30-year-old rower fails to make the Olympic boat for the second time, she takes a coaching job at a school but struggles to adjust to life off the race course.
Four professional assassins share an elaborate dinner together in Hong Kong and reflect on their best work over the years. But as they share stories and resolve unfinished business, they ponder whether the emotional cost of their job is worth it.
The Jungle Book adventure continues with this live-action tale starring the beloved characters from Rudyard Kipling's timeless tale, including the wise old panther Bagheera, Baloo the bear and the nasty tiger Shere Khan.
Moto 4 dig deeps to find what pushes the top riders -- including seasoned champs
A random connection blossoms into love in this drama about Tal, a recent arrival to Israel, who witnesses a cafe bombing that traumatizes her. In response, Tal writes a heartfelt letter that follows an unlikely path to Naim, a young Palestinian.
Lonely and disturbed Jacob Kell loved his little sister more than anything on Earth. When she is tragically murdered by her drunken stepfather, Jacob retaliates the only way he knows how ... with seemingly limitless brutal vengeance.
After being let go from his executive position at one of the top investment firms, Brian decides to go "all in," investing the rest of his savings into a short-term drug deal that would allow him to preserve his high-end life style.
Narrated by actor
Jack Hooks is an ex-cop set up by his corrupt partner and sent to jail for a drug crime he didn't commit. Yanked out of prison with an early release deal by the DEA, he's sent on a mission to bring down the drug trade of his former partner.
Blythe lives in the big city, right above the Littlest Pet Shop, a day camp for all types of pets. When she discovers that she can talk to the animals, it's the beginning of zany, music-filled adventures with her new four-legged friends.
This taut drama based on a true story follows the rise and fall of Amanzio Rastelli, a food magnate whose success has been fueled by fraud and corruption. One day, his empire comes crashing down.
Jennifer's turning 30 -- but she hardly feels like celebrating. For starters, her boyfriend Paul's been cheating on her, her best friend Stan is in love with her, and her cynical sister has an inappropriate announcement.
This TEDTalks collection reveals simple tricks that can transform your life. Learn how your body language shapes who you are, how to start a movement, the secret to better work and much more.
Blythe lives in the big city, right above the Littlest Pet Shop, a day camp for all types of pets. When she discovers that she can talk to the animals, it's the beginning of zany, music-filled adventures with her new four-legged friends.
A massive gold forture is hidden somewhere in the hills surrounding Hong Kong, and 12 kung fu masters are in pursuit of the loot. Through a series of head-to-head confrontations, the pool of treasure hunters dwindles until there's one left.
Featuring an array of talent from the UK filmmaking community, this feature-length documentary examines the UK independent film industry through the eyes of those who know it best -- independent filmmakers.
Filmmaker
This TEDTalks collection reveals simple tricks that can transform your life. Learn how your body language shapes who you are, how to start a movement, the secret to better work and much more.
Mickey and the rest of the gang star in this collection of stories inspired by fairy tales, including "Mickey and the Beanstalk," "The Brave Little Tailor," "Thru the Mirror," "Gulliver Mickey" and "Mr. Mouse Takes a Trip."
The Three Little Pigs refuse to be scared by a hungry wolf -- and get a crash course in construction -- in one of several Disney versions of children's fairy tales collected in this anthology.
In a distant land, a poor lad named Mickey -- who aspires to a life of luxury -- finds he's a perfect double for the crown prince, who wants to break the bonds of responsibility. When the boys trade places, they uncover a plot to overthrow the king.
When speedy Max Hare and poky Toby Tortoise compete in a foot race, Max is certain he'll win. But as the overconfident hare stops along the way to show off his athletic skills and take a nap, the persistent Toby moves steadily toward the finish line.
Thanks to his excessive spending, the incorrigible J. Thaddeus Toad is about to lose the home he adores, Toad Manor. Luckily, his good friends Rat, Mole and Angus MacBadger will help Mr. Toad -- as long as he promises to adjust his attitude.
Get an exclusive behind-the-scenes look at Usain St. Leo Bolt, the Jamaican sprinter who's widely regarded as the fastest man in the world and became a legend at the London 2012 Olympic Games.
Based on the best-selling books, this series tells the stories of fictional teenage women at turning points in American history. The hopes and dreams, trials and tribulations of a time period are captured by each young woman's unique voice.
Lovelorn college student Smith (
With their mother AWOL and cash in short supply, young teens Seth and Zak rent their house out to a dodgy drug dealer and his kid brother, Danny, who joins the brothers on a series of perilous escapades through the countryside.
When Henry fails to turn in his homework yet again, he gets caught up in a series of events that has him teaming up with Moody Margaret and Perfect Peter to take on his terrifying teacher, Miss Battleaxe, and save his school from being shut down.
The righteous Jew Mordecai and the despicable Haman square off for control of the young Persian King Xerxes. It's up to Mordecai's niece Esther to win the affection of the king, unmask Haman's treachery and save the Jewish people.
Join the McDonalds, an average American family of five, as they collect every scrap of garbage they create during a three-month period and learn how their consumption affects the world around them.
In this blood-spattered shocker, fiery Frankie Ducane is obsessed with seeking vengeance against the deranged killer who destroyed her family -- and she won't give up until she makes the monster suffer for his crimes.
This documentary series takes viewers into the lives of the eccentric characters in Appalachia who have been making moonshine for generations. Though they operate outside of the law, the moonshiners share a strong, honest connection to each other.
This documentary series takes viewers into the lives of the eccentric characters in Appalachia who have been making moonshine for generations. Though they operate outside of the law, the moonshiners share a strong, honest connection to each other.
With his daughter about to get married, proud papa Tej Khullar buys her a new car as a wedding present. But all hell breaks loose when his son takes it out for a spin to impress a sexy college coed -- and promptly loses the vehicle.


Rudderless without their
Join the Oogieloves -- Goobie, Zoozie and Toofie -- as they set out to find five magic balloons for their friend Schluufy's birthday party. But they'll need creativity and help from their human pals to locate the balloons in time for the celebration.
Writer Irvine Welsh's Edinburgh-set drama follows Lloyd, who lives for clubbing -- and Ecstasy. He meets unhappily married Heather while partying, but the two can't tell if their feelings for each other are real or just a chemical illusion.

One fateful night in a bar, rogue cop Santos Trinidad kills three men but fails to take out a fourth, who's now a target. As he hunts down the witness, Trinidad discovers that the shooting has put him at the heart of a massive conspiracy.
Abrasive homicide detective Jim Longworth hopes to massage his recently bruised ego by moving from Chicago to Florida's Everglades, but a new romantic relationship and the unusually high murder rate thwart his plans for relaxing on the golf course.
During the Song dynasty, four constables with special powers must do battle with a rival law enforcement agency, spies, a sinister villain and the undead to thwart a counterfeit currency plot that threatens to bring down the empire.
After accidentally killing his father with a fastball, Jubeh Yakyu becomes an infamous juvenile delinquent and lands in a reform school. Though he's sworn off baseball, Jubeh is forced to join the reformatory team -- which is literally out for blood.
There is no job too big for Bob the Builder and his Can-Do Crew and no animal too small to cause problems for the team. Even through silly mix-ups, close calls and tight deadlines, Bob's team proves that the fun is in getting it done together!
After waking from a long hibernation, Kenai and his bear buddy Koda set off on a life-changing mission to help their human friend, Nita, get married in this sequel to the animated Disney adventure Brother Bear.
Mary doesn't want to attend the posh boarding school her father and stepmother have selected, but once there she quickly befriends her female roommates, who are in a romantic relationship that doesn't sit well with some at the school.

In this chilling revenge saga, a doctor rescues a wounded man on his cabin doorstep and tries to help him recover his shattered memory. The doctor soon discovers, however, that the feds are pursuing the stranger ... and they have orders to kill him.
When Jos dies, he convinces his guardian angel to give him a second chance at life so he can win a singing contest and woo a girl he just met. But he's only got three weeks to achieve his dreams and conquer fate.
Mia is a pre-op transsexual contract killer whose life is changed when she hears from her ex, who reveals that she's dying and that Mia has a son. Now, Mia must care for the boy and his half-siblings.
Mia is a pre-op transsexual contract killer whose life is changed when she hears from her ex, who reveals that she's dying and that Mia has a son. Now, Mia must care for the boy and his half-siblings.


In a cloud of smoke, Vice magazine's
One of a number of films based on W. Somerset Maugham's tragic novel, director
When his bootlegger friend's home is invaded by the police, a juvenile delinquent named Jimmy is arrested and sent to a brutal detention center. He vows to escape and expose the prison's inhumane conditions.
This twisted animated Christmas tale finds the unionized elves kidnapped by Santa's evil pirate brother, Dingle Kringle. With some help from his elf sidekick Lex, St. Nick sets out on a globe-hopping adventure to rescue the little troublemakers.
This Comedy Central special showcases the skill of performance artist
Two gangs unwittingly attempt to rob a bank at the same time, catching innocent Tripp Kennedy (
Forty years after the construction of their dream project was interrupted by the Cuban Revolution, three visionary architects, now in their 80s, are invited back to Cuba to bring the Cuban National Arts School they had planned to full fruition.


This political documentary follows a 2011 attempt by Montana lawmakers to repeal the state's medical marijuana law -- the first U.S. state to do so. The film portrays the complexities of the legislative process and the emotions raised by the issue.
When a young Christian woman is raped and becomes pregnant, she embarks on a journey that forces her to redefine her relationship with God. As she struggles to forgive her rapist, she visits him in prison and forges an unlikely bond with him.
Facing infertility within weeks because of his impending treatment for cancer, a hedonistic young hipster decides to pursue fatherhood and sets off to impregnate a woman -- any woman -- before the clock runs out.
Ali, a real estate agent and ladies' man with commitment issues, falls for Sandrine, a hard-working single mother. But when he faces a career crisis, issues with his new relationship and disapproval from friends, will he run or will love conquer all?
The Pascal family has it all-- wealth, power, privilege-- but their lives change forever when their daughter disappears one night while running. She mysteriously returns a year later with no memory of what happened but haunted by strange visions.
After their boss laughs off their idea for a videogame business, Massimo and Willy embark on an adventure that nets them two girls, a night on the beach -- and an unexpectedly bad surprise when they wake up.
Social media sensation
After a breakup with her longtime boyfriend, magazine reporter Na Mi Roo -- a believer in astrology -- begins writing a column based on her experiences dating 12 men, each representing a different sign of the zodiac.
Surprise bunk tosses, shower foot fungus and army-surplus pudding: Litchfield Prison isn't the environment to which Brooklynite Piper Chapman is accustomed. To sum up: "It's like the Hamptons, only f*ckin' horrible."
"Don't make friends" isn't the worst advice a new arrival could get in a place like Litchfield, a women's federal penitentiary. But for Piper Chapman, making friends is the only way she's going to survive a 15-month sentence.
To pay her debt to society, Piper must trade her comfortable life for an orange prison jumpsuit. From the creator of "Weeds" comes a hilarious and heartbreaking new series about a woman who finds her true self in the last place she ever expected.
Sentenced to fifteen months in federal prison, Piper Chapman struggles to adjust to her new reality and discovers unexpected laughter amidst an eccentric and outspoken group of inmates.
Documentarian
Mary, Mother of God. Mary is an ordinary young woman who works in the olive groves and spends time with her friends. If she only knew that these three little words -- Mother of God -- would one day be synonymous with her name. Humbled by the role she is asked to play as the mother of the Messiah, she unwaveringly fulfills the mission assigned to her. An ordinary girl chosen for an extraordinary role unlike any other.
Mary, Mother of God. Mary is an ordinary young woman who works in the olive groves and spends time with her friends. If she only knew that these three little words -- Mother of God -- would one day be synonymous with her name. Humbled by the role she is asked to play as the mother of the Messiah, she unwaveringly fulfills the mission assigned to her. An ordinary girl chosen for an extraordinary role unlike any other.
Samuel Bleak's disappearance has been unsolved since he ran away from his home at 8 years old. When he resurfaces nearly 20 years later -- mute and living in the woods with only a typewriter -- Bleak's return leads to an even bigger mystery.
After a breakup with her longtime boyfriend, magazine reporter Na Mi Roo -- a believer in astrology -- begins writing a column based on her experiences dating 12 men, each representing a different sign of the zodiac.
With high school a distant memory, Jim (


Texas Ranger Roland Sharp (
In this family series based on Lauren Brooke's best-selling novels, spunky teenager Amy is reeling from the sudden death of her beloved mother when she and her grandfather, Jack, are threatened with the loss of their Canadian horse ranch.
Seeking redemption, family outcast Scott returns to his hometown, only to throw everyone's lives into disarray. It's particularly troubling for his sister-in-law, who was once his high school sweetheart.
When a pretty blonde doll named Buttercup is captured by an evil villain known as the Head, her toy friends -- including a teddy bear, a mechanical mouse and a marionette -- band together to bring her back home to their side of the attic.
When giant poisonous mutant spiders invade New York's subway tunnels and create chaos in the city, a transit supervisor and a health inspector must keep the mammoth queen away from her eggs to prevent her from creating an army of the killer spiders.
Karma catches up with superficial, stick-thin Deb Dobkins in this engaging comedy series when she dies and returns to Earth in the body of smart, plus-sized attorney Jane Bingum, who's just the type of person Deb dismissed in her previous life.


A retrovirus able to crossbreed the genes of plants, animals and humans is accidentally released, creating a world of horrific mutations. In just two days, most of humankind is dead, and the rest are turned into hideous, murderous mutations.
A lover's quarrel with his Nordic boyfriend sends French-Jewish postman Reuben back home to Paris to join his maddeningly zany family for Passover. After his unbearable relatives drive him out to a nightclub, a chance encounter leads to further woe.
After running into his high school sweetheart, a happily married man is convinced he's found his one, true soul mate. But his wife -- and his iron-clad pre-nup -- aren't about to let his heart off the hook.
Bite, a cockroach who lives in a computer processor, must prove himself and survive the ongoing battle between predator-like street pigeons and beetles to win over the girl of his dreams.


Twenty-six masters of the horror genre were each given a letter of the alphabet around which to concoct a story about death in this audacious anthology film that explores the terrifying, humorous and poignant aspects of the journey we all must take.
The second installment of the Atlas Shrugged trilogy finds the world's economy in dire straits, prompting corporate protagonist Dagny Taggart to search for a solution amid the rubble of a long-abandoned factory.
Martial artist
Deranged Millionaire,
Venerated documentarian
An all-star lineup of superheroes -- including Iron Man, the Incredible Hulk and Captain America -- team up to save the world from certain doom. Working under the authority of S.H.I.E.L.D., can our heroes keep the planet at peace?


When a former U.S. Special Forces soldier reluctantly leads a group of billionaire adrenaline junkies on a mission to experience war firsthand, things go awry, and the pampered thrill-seekers find themselves in a fight for their lives.
Disney brings an ancient legend to life in this animated tale of the brave Mulan, a tomboyish girl who disguises herself as a young man so she can fight with the Imperial Chinese Army against the invading Huns.
Disney brings back the all-star voice talents from their 1996 animated feature for this charming new story in which Quasi falls in love with Madellaine, the enchanting assistant to a sinister magician.
Inspired by Victor Hugo's classic novel, this Disney film brings to life the adventures of Quasimodo, Notre Dame's gentle, crippled bell ringer. Rescued by fellow outcast Esmeralda, Quasi soon finds himself battling to save the city he loves.
Harnessing the power of the crystal of Atlantis, explorer Milo Thatch and the rest of the team set out to defend their underwater kingdom against dark forces that threaten from sand, sea and snow.
Director
Courageous heroine Mulan and her hilarious luck dragon, Mushu, are back in this sequel to Disney's smash hit. But Mushu frets when Mulan gets engaged, fearing he'll lose his cherished role as her guardian.
This tense drama portrays the complex life of 12-year-old Juan, whose parents return to Argentina to covertly battle the ruling junta. Juan strives to be a "normal" kid despite his parents' undercover activities that put all their lives at risk.
After being abandoned as a child, a little person named Harvey grows up to lead a lonely life as a janitor at a ski resort. But one day, a stray dog follows him home and leads him to a friendly stripper and a change of fortune.
A penniless poet tries to make a living by making a stand -- that is, a stand that sells organic eats and caters to vegetarians. His menu doesn't appeal to everyone, but it does attract a fetching customer who just so happens to love poetry.
Crack film editors Nick and Darryl are hired to save a movie in desperate need of their skills, a gig that turns out to be filled with bad luck. Both men's relationships are upended and their partnership is tested by the film's delusional director.
In this modern stoner fairy tale, siblings Hansel and Gretel are trying to score more of a potent new strain of pot called Black Forest. They find the old woman who grows the cannabis -- but then learn she's actually a witch with cannibalistic plans.
When an expedition disappears on the world's highest unclimbed mountain, an expert climber is lured out of retirement to save them. But after he hears the team's panicked final transmission, he becomes convinced that something more sinister awaits.
The goal is simple, get as MUCH as possible for as LITTLE as possible. But they're not looking to save a few dollars here and there; they're looking to cash in on some serious savings--by any means necessary.
Chulbul has a charmed life: He's happily married and has a child, and he's just received a promotion. But he risks it all when he witnesses criminal deeds by a politician and sabotages his image by revealing his immoral activities to the public.
Set in the Ozarks during the Depression era, this film adaptation of Wilson Rawls's heartwarming novel tells of Billy Coleman (
In a story based on actual events, a small band of Allied soldiers are trapped behind enemy lines with information that could save thousands of American lives. Outgunned and ill-equipped, they battle a frigid wilderness and roving German troops.
It's been a dark year for Sunny (
An innocent game of tag among teenagers veers into terrifyingly dangerous territory when five friends bust into a corn maze after hours and get lost among the stalks with a deranged psychopath who's bent on stalking them.
This documentary examines the so-called "hot coffee lawsuit" in which a woman sued McDonald's after she spilled her coffee and burned herself, specifically looking at the reasons why the fast-food giant invested heaps of money to sway public opinion.
The world's most mesmerizing artists push the boundaries of music with jaw-dropping performances and breathtaking ideas. Musicians from jazz, classical, beatbox and other diverse fields demonstrate their talent and imagination.
The world's most mesmerizing artists push the boundaries of music with jaw-dropping performances and breathtaking ideas. Musicians from jazz, classical, beatbox and other diverse fields demonstrate their talent and imagination.

In this eerie thriller, a forensic psychiatrist who has spent her career exposing false cases of multiple personality disorder must think outside the box when she takes on a patient whose various personas are those of murder victims.
This animated series finds lazy, lasagna-loving fat cat Garfield up to his usual antics: snarking at his geeky owner Jon Arbuckle, tormenting Jon's dimwitted dog Odie and otherwise living life on his own feline terms.
What goes on in your head? These cerebral TEDTalks will take you on a mind-expanding journey that will rock your brain! Dive headfirst into these discussions on brain development and function, including emotions, sensations, memory and illusions.
What goes on in your head? These cerebral TEDTalks will take you on a mind-expanding journey that will rock your brain! Dive headfirst into these discussions on brain development and function, including emotions, sensations, memory and illusions.
This riveting and sometimes creepy nature miniseries focuses on the unwanted animal invaders that have infested human dwellings throughout history and into the 21st century, including spiders, snakes, rats, roaches, raccoons and much more.
Already a star in TLC's reality hit "Miami Ink," tattoo artist
This epic miniseries follows the Victorian pride of the Forsyte clan through the scandals and mistakes of the patriarch, Soames. His ways change when he sees his cherished daughter grow into a captivating young woman who carries on the family pride.
This epic miniseries follows the Victorian pride of the Forsyte clan through the scandals and mistakes of the patriarch, Soames. His ways change when he sees his cherished daughter grow into a captivating young woman who carries on the family pride.
Agatha Christie's elderly amateur sleuth, Miss Marple, stares down high-society murderers, low-class burglars and avaricious blackmailers, all while kindly educating her friends about manners and high ideals.
Former constable Laura Thyme and plant pathologist Rosemary Boxer find common ground in catching criminals in this British mystery series. Together, the two investigate a singer's death, a political dispute and more.
Former constable Laura Thyme and plant pathologist Rosemary Boxer find common ground in catching criminals in this British mystery series. Together, the two investigate a singer's death, a political dispute and more.
Agatha Christie's elderly amateur sleuth, Miss Marple, stares down high-society murderers, low-class burglars and avaricious blackmailers, all while kindly educating her friends about manners and high ideals.
Former constable Laura Thyme and plant pathologist Rosemary Boxer find common ground in catching criminals in this British mystery series. Together, the two investigate a singer's death, a political dispute and more.
Agatha Christie's elderly amateur sleuth, Miss Marple, stares down high-society murderers, low-class burglars and avaricious blackmailers, all while kindly educating her friends about manners and high ideals.
Agatha Christie's elderly amateur sleuth, Miss Marple, stares down high-society murderers, low-class burglars and avaricious blackmailers, all while kindly educating her friends about manners and high ideals.
Agatha Christie's elderly amateur sleuth, Miss Marple, stares down high-society murderers, low-class burglars and avaricious blackmailers, all while kindly educating her friends about manners and high ideals.
Former constable Laura Thyme and plant pathologist Rosemary Boxer find common ground in catching criminals in this British mystery series. Together, the two investigate a singer's death, a political dispute and more.

Based on Ann Cleeves's Vera Stanhope novels, this detective series focuses on the tireless Detective Chief Inspector Stanhope -- played by
Based on Ann Cleeves's Vera Stanhope novels, this detective series focuses on the tireless Detective Chief Inspector Stanhope -- played by
This epic miniseries follows the Victorian pride of the Forsyte clan through the scandals and mistakes of the patriarch, Soames. His ways change when he sees his cherished daughter grow into a captivating young woman who carries on the family pride.
Full of intrigue, drama and beauty, this mesmerizing documentary looks at bats, butterflies, hummingbirds and bees -- increasingly endangered little creatures that a third of the world's food supply depends on.
In this campy addition to the women in-prison genre, the systematic brutality and corruption of a grim Philippine prison leads a resourceful inmate and her fellow convicts to plan a big breakout with help from a pair of unwitting accomplices.
It's Bastille Day, and the only Parisian bank open for business is about to be robbed -- by a group of hung-over crooks. One of the thieves arrives at the heist to find that his lover from the night before is the bank teller.
Itching to impress pretty Darlene, young Hoover boosts the fastest car in town, and the two hot-rod all over the place -- with Hoover's sheriff dad in pursuit. Things go from bad to worse when the car's owner, a professional racer, joins the chase.
Just off the train in Los Angeles, unassuming accountant Gene Watson (
Ex-cop Lenny Nero is a pusher of potent (and illegal) virtual-reality clips, peddling sex and violence to the masses in Los Angeles. But when a high-profile murder shows up in his collection, Lenny finds himself ensnared in a fast-paced manhunt.
In this animated hit, a neurotic worker ant in love with a rebellious princess rises to unlikely stardom when he switches places with a soldier. Signing up to march in a parade, he ends up instead enlisted to fight against a termite army.

Tragedy is in the offing when widowed Eurasian doctor Han Suyin falls for dashing American war correspondent Mark Elliot. Despite insurmountable obstacles, Han and Mark's love deepens till he's sent to cover the "police action" in Korea.
Beth, a girl with a mysterious past, moves into her new sorority. Once settled, Beth begins to remember things from her childhood -- including the fact that she used to live in the house, and her brother murdered the rest of her family there.
Persuaded by a devious corporate henchman to operate on a schizophrenic mathematician, a brain surgeon begins experiencing firsthand his patient's paranoid confusion. Despite his best efforts, the doctor soon finds himself descending into insanity.
Divorced novelist John needs to figure out the reason his relationships with women keep failing. To learn, he goes to the source: his mother. But she's not exactly thrilled when he moves in with her.
Former adult-film actress
When college freshman Clay returns home to Los Angeles from school, he finds that his former girlfriend and his best friend have established a troubled relationship fueled by a fondness for clubs, wild parties and endless amounts of cocaine.
While on vacation, Jed Griffin and his family cross paths with Rudy Wicker, a cold-blooded killer who has just held up a bank and killed a sheriff's wife. Rudy commandeers the Griffins' motor home, shoots Jed and assumes his identity.
Get a whopping dose of dark humor down in the hamlet of Royston Vasey in this outrageously macabre sketch comedy/sitcom hybrid, which showcases a three-man comedy troupe portraying dozens of peculiar characters who call the village home.
Johnny is a brilliant pool shark who thinks his mentor, a shady hustler named Joe, is holding him back. When Johnny decides to break free of Joe and the gambling life, the angry Joe exacts revenge by reeling in Johnny's younger brother.
While traveling to a big event, Bridgemont High School's squad of nubile cheerleaders and their coach end up stranded in the California mountains, where they find sanctuary in a seemingly abandoned cabin. But little do they know they're not alone.

Special Forces officer Louis Stevens (
When an alcoholic, a transvestite and a young runaway happen upon an abandoned baby in a dumpster on Christmas Eve, they go in search of the child's parents, encountering an assortment of oddball characters along the way.
The Starship Troopers are back to battle the Bugs. This time, the Troopers are not only besieged by giant insects, but must battle a human threat as well. When they end up stranded, their only hope is to team up with those who betrayed them.
When a former Scotland Yard detective (

Get a whopping dose of dark humor down in the hamlet of Royston Vasey in this outrageously macabre sketch comedy/sitcom hybrid, which showcases a three-man comedy troupe portraying dozens of peculiar characters who call the village home.
When a grizzled Army captain and a trio of military misfits crash-lands on a seemingly deserted island, the men soon discover they're not alone: A tribe of nubile Stone Age women inhabits the isle -- along with some carnivorous dinosaurs.
Author and illustrator Eric Carle's beloved children's story "The Very Hungry Caterpillar" springs to life in this delightful collection of animated tales, which includes four more of Carle's enchanting yarns.
This biopic chronicles how the shrewd Virgin Queen assumed the throne of a nation in turmoil, stabilized the economy, earned her subjects' devotion and manipulated a succession of suitors to political advantage.
After fighting on opposite sides of the Civil War, Mac Traven and his brother, Dal, arrive home to discover that outlaws have abducted their siblings and Dal's feisty sweetheart. With help from their uncle, Mac and Dal track the guerillas to Mexico.
Rock star Mike Beresford's life is turned upside down when he's accused of raping Ginny, a 14-year-old girl. Although he's innocent, the media has already found him guilty of the crime.
Sexy space smuggler Stella Starr and her partner, Akton, set out on a mission to save the son of the Emperor of the Galaxy in this racy sci-fi flick. Stella and Akton go up against a host of villains as they attempt to stop the evil Count Zarth Arn.
Tired of dealing with the homophobic school bully, out-of-the-closet teen Chance Marquis (Tad Hilgenbrinck) enlists two disparate friends -- a flashy drag queen and the hunky school jock -- to help him crush his tormentor in this offbeat comedy set in the 1980s. A favorite on the festival circuit, this quirky film co-stars
Inspired by the work of author Rosemary Wells, this charming tale follows Emily the bunny as she embarks on her first year of school. When the teacher announces that the class will have a party after 100 days, Emily begins a countdown.
Filmmaker
Sent to live in an estate with her wealthy aunt and uncle, fish-out-of-water Fanny Price (
A mouse named Ralph learns to ride a boy's toy motorcycle at the Mountain View Inn. He wishes he could live more dangerously -- and he does: he gets trapped by humans, is almost taken up by an owl and more.
Oscar-nominated filmmaker
At a visiting swami's lecture, Edwardian gentleman Fisk (
Raised in the confines of a laboratory at the enigmatic Bartok Industries, young Martin Brundle (
Celebrity photographer
From Space Police prison to the medieval castles of Ashlar, master builder and adventurer Clutch Powers and his band of plastic friends put their brick-laying skills to work to fend off evil wizard Mallock the Malign and his dreaded skeleton army.

Blissfully happy in her new marriage, Emma (
Adventurous mouse Ralph runs away from home by firing up his motorcycle and pointing his nose toward the open road. He finds his way to a summer camp where he makes friends with a shy boy and soon must defend his new pal against accusations of theft.
With the aid of eye-opening archival footage, eyewitness accounts and long-buried documents, this penetrating edition of the PBS series looks at Germany's infamous 1941 invasion of the Soviet Union, the largest troop offensive in history. More specifically, the program dissects the Battle of Stalingrad and analyzes Joseph Stalin's counterattack, which culminated in a decisive Russian victory -- and the single-deadliest conflict on record.
Dispatched to a distant world to rescue the crew of the spacecraft Remus, astronauts aboard the starship Quest instead find their comrades gruesomely slaughtered and themselves on a journey into mortal terror.
In this engaging indie drama, once-close college friends reunite for a weekend wedding in Georgia, reawakening long-buried feelings that spark tension, conflicts and romantic dilemmas among the gathered.

This smart urban sitcom revolves around Jessica Day, an appealing twentysomething still trying to rebound from a recent break-up, when she moves in with three single guys, all of whom are ready to help her understand the ways of the world.
This smart urban sitcom revolves around Jessica Day, an appealing twentysomething still trying to rebound from a recent break-up, when she moves in with three single guys, all of whom are ready to help her understand the ways of the world.
In 1951, the world's largest hydrogen bomb was detonated at Bikini Atoll in the Pacific Ocean. This documentary investigation of the blast's fallout (both literal and otherwise) includes testimony from witnesses as well as archival footage.
Ken Burns's fascinating multipart documentary examines the history of alcohol in America, including the events leading up to the passage of the 18th Amendment, the social and legal effects of prohibiting alcohol, and the repeal of Prohibition.
Silky-smooth veteran MI5 agent Johnny Worricker is wholly dedicated to his work, but his loyalty to the British spy agency is about to be tested. A top secret document surfaces that reveals heinous government misdeeds -- and puts Johnny on the spot.
Wildlife expert
When naturalist

This documentary charts global phenomenon Kings of Leon's rise to rock 'n' roll stardom, from the band's humble beginnings in the Deep South to their record deals and concert tours -- and their struggles with drugs and alcohol along the way.
Follow along as scientists probe the world's most powerful volcanoes -- including the colossal supervolcano that slumbers beneath Yellowstone National Park -- searching for clues to their potential destructive power and when they might erupt again.
Two years after being abandoned in their native Bangladesh, conjoined twins Trishna and Krishna are taken to Australia where they are prepared for the delicate and demanding surgery that will separate them and, hopeuflly, save their lives.
An orphaned young man meets a convict in a cemetery and sets into motion a series of events that leads him from a life in his brother-in-law's forge to a mysterious inheritance and his acquaintance with the eerie Miss Havisham and her beautiful ward.
During construction in Colorado, a bulldozer dug up a tooth so huge it had to be held in two hands. "Ice Age Death Trap" reveals intimate secrets of the life and death of North America's most exotic and extreme creatures.
Recently dumped and wallowing in self-pity, Doug decides to nurse an injured duck back to health with the assistance of Holly, an eccentric vet and bird specialist. Soon, romance begins to bloom, but the path to love is never easy.
With the aid of new spacecraft and Earth-based telescopes, scientists are seeing the sun as never before. This edition of "Nova" reveals a bright new dawn in understanding Earth's nearest star -- one that may help keep the planet from going dark.
This film is a journey into one of America's best-kept secrets: the Frank Church River of No Return Wilderness, with a pair of newlyweds as guides. Not long into their adventure, an extraordinary turn of events will change their lives forever.
Centering on a provincial choirmaster's fixation with a 17-year-old girl, this chilling adaptation of Charles Dickens's unfinished final novel spins a disturbing tale of obsession, addiction and the darkness that lurks in men.
Scientists strive to understand the forces at work behind the devasting tornado outbreak of April 2011. Could their research improve future tornado prediction? "Nova" also talks to people whose lives have been upended by these extreme weather events.

Aging Casanova reflects on the romantic adventures of his youth, in particular a love triangle with his one true love. The legendary lothario seduces a string of women as he escapes prison, engages in a duel and more in this fast-paced miniseries.
This biopic chronicles how the shrewd Virgin Queen assumed the throne of a nation in turmoil, stabilized the economy, earned her subjects' devotion and manipulated a succession of suitors to political advantage.
Picking up from the 2012 Costa Concordia disaster and looking back at the sinking of the Titanic a century ago, "NOVA" examines concerns about cruise ship safety and the science of the ships' buoyancy, peering into the future of sea travel.
As host of "The Tonight Show" for 30 years,
Filmed live in Los Angeles, Bill Bellamy gives a terrific performance, engaging the audience on such topics as sex chat rooms, killer whales and their trainers, Jay-Z and Beyonce, making it rain in strip clubs and more.
This family-oriented retelling of the popular King Arthur legend finds Merlin arriving in Camelot, where magic is banned. There, he secretly hones his sorcery skills with the help of his uncle, the court physician.
Director
An annual contest challenges 100 people across the United States to tame a wild mustang in 100 days. Following this dangerous and harrowing feat is a public showcase that determines whether these horses can be saved from a life in captivity.
This film explores how the American Civil War created a "republic of suffering" and charts the far-reaching social, political and social changes brought about by the pervasive presence and fear of death during the war.
There is a startling gap between the glamorous television world of "CSI" and the gritty reality of the forensic crime lab, wherein modern forensics can send innocent people to prison. NOVA investigates today's shaky state of crime science.
The most fearsome Vikings were the few who wielded a light, razor sharp, virtually indestructible sword with its maker's name, Ulfberht, inlaid along the blade. But details of Ulfberht and Ulfberht's process remained secret for more than 1,000 years.
This TV miniseries chronicles the worst man-made ecological disaster in American history, when a frenzied wheat boom on the southern Plains -- followed by a decade-long drought during the 1930s -- nearly swept away the breadbasket of the nation.
Body-swapping continues to plague the Golubev family in the third installment of the wacky and immensely popular Russian comedy feature series. When Andrey's warring in-laws visit at the same time, his family life gets that much more difficult.

After his father dies, 12-year-old Ben carries on his dad's memory by making a soapbox racer as the two of them had planned. With the help of his rag-tag group of friends, Ben secretly enters the local soapbox derby -- against his mother's wishes.
Easter Island and its giant statues have mystified the world ever since the first Europeans arrived in 1722. "Nova" explores recent controversial claims that challenge decades of previous thinking about the ancient islanders.
A rampaging two-ton crocodile with an insatiable appetite is set loose in the city. With the army on the hunt, Croczilla will terrorize innocent people while a sexy model tries to recover millions from its belly.
Featuring interviews with her family and inner circle of friends, this in-depth documentary offers a look at what drives ever-evolving diva Beyonc Knowles' passion for life -- from to her relationship with rapper Jay-Z to the birth of their baby.
Two garbage truck drivers in Hollywood become overnight celebrities when they find the Oscar statuette that Cuba Gooding Jr. won for Jerry Maguire and attempt to return it to its rightful owner.
A boy sees a magnificent dinosaur in a museum, and is surprised when the dinosaur comes to life and wants to spend a day together. This reading of Syd Hoff's classic children's tale includes original illustrations from the book.
With inside access to the massive team of scientists and engineers responsible for the Curiosity rover's on-the-ground experiments, NOVA will be there for the exhilarating moments after Curiosity's landing on Mars and for the spectacular discoveries sure to come.
In this animated contemporary interpretation of a Hans Christian Andersen morality tale, a pair of magic slippers help two young African-American girls learn the value of friendship after they are divided by selfishness and jealousy.
This update of the 1970s cult hit series follows members of the Sweeney Flying Squad, London police officers who often bend the law to get results. Led by partners Jack Regan and George Carter, the Sweeney hunts down a dangerous robber on the loose.
Two identical twin brothers are separated at birth. One becomes a prominent psychiatrist and the other, a lifelong mental patient. When the doctor gets called to his brother's institution, fate intervenes and the two swap places.
French horror director
A relaxing outing in the countryside morphs into a nightmare when a blood-borne virus infects a group of hunters and breeds an army of bloodthirsty fiends with a compulsion to consume human flesh.
An orphaned young man meets a convict in a cemetery and sets into motion a series of events that leads him from a life in his brother-in-law's forge to a mysterious inheritance and his acquaintance with the eerie Miss Havisham and her beautiful ward.
Zoologists Martin and
In this animated series that offers basic science lessons to preschoolers, Peep the baby chick uncovers many useful facts he shares with viewers. Accompanying Peep in his instructive adventures are his robin pal Chirp and duck buddy Quack.
Buddy, a preschool-aged Tyrannosaurus Rex, and his adoptive family of Pteranodons go for adventures on the Dinosaur Train to meet all kinds of dinosaurs in different eras and learn fascinating new facts about these incredible creatures.
In this animated series that offers basic science lessons to preschoolers, Peep the baby chick uncovers many useful facts he shares with viewers. Accompanying Peep in his instructive adventures are his robin pal Chirp and duck buddy Quack.
In this animated series that offers basic science lessons to preschoolers, Peep the baby chick uncovers many useful facts he shares with viewers. Accompanying Peep in his instructive adventures are his robin pal Chirp and duck buddy Quack.
Happy-go-lucky preschooler Caillou loves to explore his world with his devoted family and family, and as he exercises his imagination in a variety of fun settings, he learns valuable life lessons about responsibility, teamwork and being considerate.
Kostya's eccentric relatives have a record of scaring away his girlfriends, so when he meets "the one," he hires actors to pose as his perfect family. But the plan backfires when Kostya realizes that without a director, the actors are disastrous.
Continuing the revered traditions of "Mr. Rogers' Neighborhood," this animated show for preschoolers is based on the adventures of young Daniel Tiger. The program uses music and appealing neighborhood characters to help kids build social skills.
Ruff Ruffman is the canine host of this partly animated reality show in which kids attempt to meet wacky challenges involving science. From his well-appointed headquarters doghouse, Ruff awards points and keeps things running according to plan.
In this animated series that offers basic science lessons to preschoolers, Peep the baby chick uncovers many useful facts he shares with viewers. Accompanying Peep in his instructive adventures are his robin pal Chirp and duck buddy Quack.
This mouth-watering series produced by
This long-running series invites people from around the nation to bring in their household treasures for appraisal by the show's experts. Featured items -- many of which prove shockingly valuable -- provide unique glimpses into America's past.
Six guys who are desperate to meet women hatch a scheme to make their own movie featuring sexy women, while acting as their own casting department. When they get a huge turnout for auditions, the guys test how far the candidates will go for a part.
An aspiring teen detective, Elfie Hopkins, stumbles into her first real case when watching the mysterious new family, the Gammons, who seem to be much more dangerous than they appear, sending her into a terrifying hidden world right under her nose.
Mother Bunny plans a trip to the zoo for Miffy and her friends so they can see a newborn baby zebra. But Grunty gets lost on their visit and has to find her way back to Miffy and their pals. Plus, a mischievous monkey has a surprise in store!
Miffy celebrates her birthday at school, where she receives a very special book. Then the festivities continue when she goes camping with her family and friends. Miffy's uncle arrives in his airplane to join in on the fun with a super surprise!
Miffy and Melanie make party invitations and attach them to balloons to really wow their guests. But on the way home, Melanie falls and the invitations fly away into the sky... Oh no! No one is going to know about -- or come -- to the party!
Miffy is so excited -- her mother will be having a baby bunny soon! During the days before she will become a big sister, Miffy stays over with her grandparents and keeps busy. When she arrives home the next day, Mother Bunny has a wonderful surprise!
Centering on a provincial choirmaster's fixation with a 17-year-old girl, this chilling adaptation of Charles Dickens's unfinished final novel spins a disturbing tale of obsession, addiction and the darkness that lurks in men.
This mouth-watering series produced by
This long-running series invites people from around the nation to bring in their household treasures for appraisal by the show's experts. Featured items -- many of which prove shockingly valuable -- provide unique glimpses into America's past.
Teen Hawaiian skateboarder Ralsto seems destined to fall into the rut that plagues his other friends and family members when he's fired from his job and learns his girlfriend is pregnant, and his attempts to raise money for an abortion go awry.
Ruff Ruffman is the canine host of this partly animated reality show in which kids attempt to meet wacky challenges involving science. From his well-appointed headquarters doghouse, Ruff awards points and keeps things running according to plan.
In this animated series that offers basic science lessons to preschoolers, Peep the baby chick uncovers many useful facts he shares with viewers. Accompanying Peep in his instructive adventures are his robin pal Chirp and duck buddy Quack.
Zoologists Martin and
Police inspector Lewis returns to solving homicides after a long absence and partners with the clever, university-educated Det. Sgt. Hathaway, whose knowledge of the modern world frequently proves helpful to his old-school boss.
Police inspector Lewis returns to solving homicides after a long absence and partners with the clever, university-educated Det. Sgt. Hathaway, whose knowledge of the modern world frequently proves helpful to his old-school boss.
Continuing the revered traditions of "Mr. Rogers' Neighborhood," this animated show for preschoolers is based on the adventures of young Daniel Tiger. The program uses music and appealing neighborhood characters to help kids build social skills.




When a former Scotland Yard detective (
Based on Marc Brown's popular children's books, this Daytime Emmy-winning animated series shadows 8-year-old aardvark Arthur Read and his inner circle of animal friends, including asthmatic bunny Buster Baxter and sporty monkey Francine Frensky.
Part of the massive Tongass National Forest, Admiralty Island in Southeast Alaska supports the largest concentration of bears anywhere in the world.  Sustained by a wealth of salmon streams, isolated and protected by their environment, some 1,700 Alaskan brown bears are part of a unique circle of life that has played out here for centuries.
The question being asked in this film is - "Are people, in an effort to outwit raccoons, actually making them smarter and unwittingly contributing to their evolutionary success?"  Are the ever more complex obstacles that our fast-paced, urban world throws at them actually pushing the development of raccoon brains?
Predominantly slow-moving, energy-conserving koalas are not exactly well-equipped to handle speeding traffic and packs of dogs, or the consequences of encroaching urbanization around Brisbane, Australia. Their once quiet lives are now filled with social pressure, conflict, disease, overcrowding and the external stresses of living in the middle of what amounts to an alien world. The film explores the day-to-day dramas of urban koalas, seen through the eyes of the scientists studying their every move and vocalization. Fascinating social dynamics include a mother raising her baby, territorial displays and vicious fighting by males competing for mating rights, and the surprising life and loves of "traveling salesmen," rogue males who truly play the field. New science even "cracks the koala communication code," providing insights into their basic language and social structure. Their thunderous roars are difficult to reconcile with the familiar perception of them as cuddly creatures, yet there is a great deal about them that is surprising. Viewers will get a whole new perspective after watching this film.
Legendary businessman and Apple co-founder
In 1943 a squadron of Lancaster bombers staged one of the most audacious raids in history, destroying two gigantic dams in Germany's industrial heartland with a revolutionary bouncing bomb invented by British engineer Barnes Wallis. Now, NOVA re-creates the extreme engineering challenges faced by Wallis and the pilots.
During World War II, Hitler's scientists developed terrifying new weapons of mass destruction. Allied intelligence pored over millions of air photos shot over German territory by specially converted, high-flying Spitfires. With 3D graphics that recreate exactly what the photo spies saw, NOVA tells the suspenseful, previously untold story of air photo intelligence that played a vital role in defeating Hitler.




A group of jobless theater actors survive by working as illegal money collectors for a loan shark who owns an off-Broadway theater. When the crook decides to put on a rousing show, the group must literally be willing to kill for their roles.
Conservation ecologist Chris Morgan ("Bears of the Last Frontier") has tracked large predators in some of the wildest and most remote places on earth. He now embarks on a challenge that will fulfill a lifelong dream - to find and film a Siberian tiger living wild and free in Russia's far eastern forests. The film features the work of Korean cameraman Sooyong Park, the first individual ever to film Siberian tigers in the wild. Park spent years in the forest tracking and filming the world's biggest cat. Park's tracking technique was unconventional, but produced more than a thousand hours of wild tiger footage and captured the saga of a Siberian tiger dynasty. Morgan spends time with Park, learning firsthand just how hard it was for him to achieve his remarkable accomplishment.
Meet a cancer patient who appears to have cheated death and a cystic fibrosis sufferer breathing easily because scientists have been able to pinpoint and neutralize the genetic abnormalities underlying their conditions. But what are the moral dilemmas raised by this new technology? Will it help or hurt us to know the diseases that may lie in our future? ? What if such information falls into the hands of insurance companies, employers or prospective mates? One thing is for certain: the new era of personalized, gene-based medicine is relevant to everyone, and soon you will be choosing whether to join the ranks of the DNA generation.
Where do nature's building blocks, called the elements, come from? They're the hidden ingredients of everything in our world, from the carbon in our bodies to the metals in our smartphones. Watch as
New techniques for cracking ancient mysteries are revealed in this program about the 2007 discovery of a possible Leonardo da Vinci portrait. Purchased for roughly $20,000 nine years earlier, the painting could be worth more than $100 million.
This TV miniseries chronicles the worst man-made ecological disaster in American history, when a frenzied wheat boom on the southern Plains -- followed by a decade-long drought during the 1930s -- nearly swept away the breadbasket of the nation.
Ken Burns's fascinating multipart documentary examines the history of alcohol in America, including the events leading up to the passage of the 18th Amendment, the social and legal effects of prohibiting alcohol, and the repeal of Prohibition.

Enter stories of the most unlikely cross-species relationships imaginable:  a chimp bottle-feeding a tiger cub; a giant tortoise snuggling a baby hippo; a black crow parenting a meerkat. This film will look at these remarkable relationships first hand, and through caregivers, biologists and animal behaviorists, explore what they suggest about the nature of animal emotions.
NATURE takes an intimate look at the snowy owl, a bird made popular by Harry Potter's faithful companion, Hedwig. "Snowies" stand out for their magical beauty, intelligence and charm. Filmmakers take us deep into the owl's tundra home on the North Slope of Alaska to observe the daily struggles involved in raising a family of helpless owlets until they're able to fly. Viewers discover that these strikingly beautiful Arctic owls have a range of skills far more impressive than those required of magical messengers.
"Super Why" helps kids learn the fundamentals of reading with interactive storybook adventures that includes such classics as Snow White, Little Miss Muffet, Mother Goose, Hansel and Gretel, and more.
Science in the service of crime fighting comes to the Big Apple in the second spinoff of the "CSI" franchise.
Science in the service of crime fighting comes to the Big Apple in the second spinoff of the "CSI" franchise.
Science in the service of crime fighting comes to the Big Apple in the second spinoff of the "CSI" franchise.
Science in the service of crime fighting comes to the Big Apple in the second spinoff of the "CSI" franchise.
Science in the service of crime fighting comes to the Big Apple in the second spinoff of the "CSI" franchise.
Science in the service of crime fighting comes to the Big Apple in the second spinoff of the "CSI" franchise.
Science in the service of crime fighting comes to the Big Apple in the second spinoff of the "CSI" franchise.
Science in the service of crime fighting comes to the Big Apple in the second spinoff of the "CSI" franchise.
Science in the service of crime fighting comes to the Big Apple in the second spinoff of the "CSI" franchise.

Unemployed adman Roberto is struggling to revive his career when a whimsical visit to the spot where he and his wife honeymooned leads to a potentially deadly accident. Ever the spin doctor, he skillfully turns the event into a media feeding frenzy.
In this suspenseful erotic drama, the private male secretary and lover of Madam Baek, a Korean conglomerate's middle-aged matriarch, falls for her more genuine daughter. Meanwhile, Madam Baek's husband has an affair with the Filipino nanny.
Offering an inside look at the Williams sisters -- Venus and her younger sibling Serena -- this documentary follows the tennis megastars throughout 2011, when disabling injuries and illness threatened to end their careers.
Since 1964, director
When a super-secret underground military facility in Australia is attacked, the government sends in an elite squadron to rescue the workers. The mission becomes even more complicated when the soldiers encounter a beautiful amnesiac in a crawlspace.
This affable documentary surveys the fascination that the moon has long inspired in humans, including some whose lives essentially revolve around it. Among them are an ex-astronaut who walked on the moon and a young man planning his own trip there.
With stunning footage shot during the production of The House I Live In, these selected scenes and extras delve into the personal lives of those on the front lines of America's war on drugs.
Cartoonist Stu Miley finds success with his raucous creation, a troublemaking simian named Monkeybone. But after a car accident puts Stu in a coma, he finds himself face-to-face with Monkeybone in a freakish netherworld called Downtown.

When Max and Vero's friend is seriously injured in an accident, they choose to go ahead with a planned birthday celebration at their beach house -- an event that usually draws a convivial and happy crowd of friends.

In this high-octane thriller, Mr. Church brings the Expendables back together for an easy job -- but things go wrong, and one of the mercenaries is brutally murdered. Now the band of hired guns goes on a mission of revenge in hostile territory.
An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.
In the summer of 1940, British Prime Minister Winston Churchill was faced with a difficult decision after France's capitulation to Germany. Unless Churchill acted, warships of the French Navy harbored in Algeria would fall into Hitler's hands.
Viola Liuzzo, a 39-year-old mother of five committed to working for education and economic justice, was murdered by white supremacists in 1965 after her participation in the protest march for black suffrage from Selma to Montgomery, Ala.

Meet Jlon and Kahlaa, two urban youths whose lives are among those changed for the better when they join an all-girls soccer team. The squad instills teamwork and self-esteem in African American girls in one of Philadelphia's toughest neighborhoods.
Zhu Yanzhi is the daughter of a wealthy wine merchant who's sent into the mountains disguised as a man to learn martial arts with an elite clan. Once she begins her intense training, Zhu finds herself at odds with her trainer and superior, Liang.
Using breakthrough flesh-regeneration technology, a biotech firm creates a set of living dinosaurs. But when the creatures escape their museum exhibit and terrorize Los Angeles, a former firefighter must rescue his teenage daughter from the chaos.
This powerful documentary chronicles one African-American woman's fierce commitment to empower pregnant teenagers with the skills and knowledge they need to become confident, nurturing mothers.
Filmmaker
This fast-paced documentary captures the thrill of the annual running of the bulls in Pamplona, Spain. With red bandanas tied to their bodies, people scatter as the bulls make chase. Injuries are common, but the runners think it's worth the risk.
Haunted by the death of her mother and without role models, dreamer Louise scours her world for someone to imitate. With the help of James Joyce's
A troubled businessman trying to make sense of a life spiraling out of control discovers that another side of his personality is working against him. As he fights his alter ego, murder, madness and mayhem take him on a bizarre and terrifying ride.
Follow the journey of two cousins from different walks of life who dream of fame in the music world. Problems arise when they discover that the music industry is much like the streets and every bad decision comes with life-threatening consequences.
As Hitler's army invades Austria, a Jewish art dealer's son tries to turn the tables after he is betrayed by his friend, now a Third Reich stooge. In an audacious plot, the prisoner and aspiring Nazi swap identities to recover a priceless drawing.

This documentary chronicles the spiritual odyssey of
Documentarian
An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.
An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.
An example of 25 frames per second. An example of 25 frames per second. An example of 25 frames per second. An example of 25 frames per second. An example of 25 frames per second. An example of 25 frames per second.
An example of 29.97 frames per second. An example of 29.97 frames per second. An example of 29.97 frames per second. An example of 29.97 frames per second. An example of 29.97 frames per second. An example of 29.97 frames per second.
An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.
An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.
Though his strict Muslim father expects him to continue in the family business of making and testing firearms, 11-year-old Niaz longs to attend school. Unable to persuade his father, the boy runs away, determined to get the education he desires.
Crippled by a sudden and inconvenient fear of blood, flashy surgeon Dr. Martin Ellingham abandons his bustling London practice and sets up shop as a country doctor in this medically minded British sitcom.
Crippled by a sudden and inconvenient fear of blood, flashy surgeon Dr. Martin Ellingham abandons his bustling London practice and sets up shop as a country doctor in this medically minded British sitcom.
When a salon refuses to hire her because of her plump figure, irrepressible hair stylist Kathi plots revenge by opening her own beauty parlor next door. But when she faces a cash-flow problem, Kathi resorts to some creative means of raising capital.
Crippled by a sudden and inconvenient fear of blood, flashy surgeon Dr. Martin Ellingham abandons his bustling London practice and sets up shop as a country doctor in this medically minded British sitcom.
Teenager En is caught between Singapore's past and present in this coming-of-age tale that finds him questioning what his mother told him about his dead father when he learns from his grandfather that his father was a rebel leader.
This 90-minute documentary follows the wide-ranging career of singer
From the creator of "Weeds" comes a heartbreaking and hilarious new series set in a women's prison. Piper trades her comfortable life for an orange jumpsuit and finds unexpected conflict and camaraderie amidst an eccentric group of inmates.
From the creator of "Weeds" comes a heartbreaking and hilarious new series set in a women's prison. Piper trades her comfortable life for an orange jumpsuit and finds unexpected conflict and camaraderie amidst an eccentric group of inmates.
In 1870, homesteader Martha McCall wants to sell the family farm in New Mexico and move with her husband, Heck, to San Francisco. But the unexpected return of Wade, her brother who was presumed dead in the Civil War, throws her plans into turmoil.
In 1981 Morocco, young Mehdi comes to terms with his own culture during Ramadan, secure in the knowledge that his beloved father is away in France. But the truth will rock Mehdi's world and change the course of his life for the following decades.
Teenager Aicha lives with her older sister and strict mother in the servant's quarters of a dilapidated Tunisian mansion. Her structured world is shattered when a young married couple moves into the main house, unleashing a torrent of family secrets.
Director
Stemming from a small town, a volcanic eruption triggered by an oil rig ignites a domino effect of eruptions that extends across the world, dooming all of humanity if the devastating string of explosions can't be stopped.
Stemming from a small town, a volcanic eruption triggered by an oil rig ignites a domino effect of eruptions that extends across the world, dooming all of humanity if the devastating string of explosions can't be stopped.
An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.
When a puzzling disease devastates her beloved father, math prodigy Mona Gray deals with the pain by isolating herself from the rest of the world and turning for comfort to the reliable world of mathematics. But when she later teaches math to troubled grade school kids, Mona discovers that her gift can be a route back from her long emotional exile.

Death metal superstar Slade Craven's plan to rock his fans at 30,000 feet with a one-of-a-kind concert aboard a 747 in mid-flight goes horribly awry when a psychotic passenger hijacks the plane and begins taking lives in indiscriminate fashion.
In this '50s sci-fi spoof, a meteor shower rains down a unique ore and a scientist discovers that a couple of stranded aliens need the mineral as fuel for their spaceship. But an evil scientist wants the ore for his own nefarious scheme.
Thrown out by his girlfriend, slacker Jeremy takes up residence with his friend Mark, who has a very different -- but still dysfunctional -- view of the world. They come to rely on each other as they deal with their immature fantasies about women.
This documentary charts the ascendance of the Lebowski Fest, which began as a bowling alley party attended by 150 fans of the cult hit The Big Lebowski and has subsequently evolved into an annual gathering that draws thousands of acolytes.
After failing to resurrect their dead mother using the taboo science of alchemy -- and suffering physical losses in the process -- brothers Edward and Alphonse battle nefarious forces in an effort to reclaim their bodies in this supernatural anime.
After failing to resurrect their dead mother using the taboo science of alchemy -- and suffering physical losses in the process -- brothers Edward and Alphonse battle nefarious forces in an effort to reclaim their bodies in this supernatural anime.
When unexplained spontaneous combustions kill a pair of dignitaries in 7th-century China, the nation's first female emperor, Wu Zetian calls upon the trusted Detective Dee to solve the mystery in this stylish action epic.
After failing to resurrect their dead mother using the taboo science of alchemy -- and suffering physical losses in the process -- brothers Edward and Alphonse battle nefarious forces in an effort to reclaim their bodies in this supernatural anime.
After failing to resurrect their dead mother using the taboo science of alchemy -- and suffering physical losses in the process -- brothers Edward and Alphonse battle nefarious forces in an effort to reclaim their bodies in this supernatural anime.
Emile and Raoul join forces with Lucille, the big-hearted star of the Bird of Paradise cabaret, an eccentric scientist and his irascible monkey to save a misunderstood monster from the city's ruthlessly ambitious police chief.
When a car accident orphans his young nephew, a Shaolin monk journeys to the United States to look after the boy and open his own martial arts academy. But soon, he gets caught up in a dangerous kung fu underworld.
After failing to resurrect their dead mother using the taboo science of alchemy -- and suffering physical losses in the process -- brothers Edward and Alphonse battle nefarious forces in an effort to reclaim their bodies in this supernatural anime.
Thrown out by his girlfriend, slacker Jeremy takes up residence with his friend Mark, who has a very different -- but still dysfunctional -- view of the world. They come to rely on each other as they deal with their immature fantasies about women.
Thrown out by his girlfriend, slacker Jeremy takes up residence with his friend Mark, who has a very different -- but still dysfunctional -- view of the world. They come to rely on each other as they deal with their immature fantasies about women.
Thrown out by his girlfriend, slacker Jeremy takes up residence with his friend Mark, who has a very different -- but still dysfunctional -- view of the world. They come to rely on each other as they deal with their immature fantasies about women.
Thrown out by his girlfriend, slacker Jeremy takes up residence with his friend Mark, who has a very different -- but still dysfunctional -- view of the world. They come to rely on each other as they deal with their immature fantasies about women.
Thrown out by his girlfriend, slacker Jeremy takes up residence with his friend Mark, who has a very different -- but still dysfunctional -- view of the world. They come to rely on each other as they deal with their immature fantasies about women.
Thrown out by his girlfriend, slacker Jeremy takes up residence with his friend Mark, who has a very different -- but still dysfunctional -- view of the world. They come to rely on each other as they deal with their immature fantasies about women.
Thrown out by his girlfriend, slacker Jeremy takes up residence with his friend Mark, who has a very different -- but still dysfunctional -- view of the world. They come to rely on each other as they deal with their immature fantasies about women.
In this sequel to the anime epic Fullmetal Alchemist, the Elric brothers travel to the land of Milos, where people are rebelling against their masters. The brothers soon become involved in the cause, joining forces with a young alchemist named Julia.
Thrown out by his girlfriend, slacker Jeremy takes up residence with his friend Mark, who has a very different -- but still dysfunctional -- view of the world. They come to rely on each other as they deal with their immature fantasies about women.

Self-deprecating comic

Three attractive, sophisticated sisters seem to have it all, but they're about to have the rug pulled out from under them. When each of them is confronted with life-shattering problems, they find their faith in God, love and family is deeply shaken.
After an explosion unleashes the contents of a biological weapons plant, the locals are transformed into an army of flesh-eating zombies. Trapped in the quarantine zone, Jim finds himself cut off, confused and fighting for his own survival.
This documentary chronicles the rise, fall and rebirth of the cult television show "Firefly" as told from the perspective of the fans who helped save it, and includes humorous and insightful experiences from the cast and crew.
Asked to deliver a package for a friend, Madhu gets her fianc, Jayaganthan, to take care of it, and he then passes the task to one of his roommates. As confusion mounts, this remake of the comedy Delhi Belly spins off into comic chaos.
Kya is a spoiled prima donna and Aubrey is her husband who indulges her every whim. But when Aubrey loses his well-paying job. Kya's got to kiss her expensive fashions goodbye and look for a job of her own!
When high schooler Leo moves into his stepfather's home, he's surprised to learn he has three stepsiblings -- each with bionic powers. Leo decides to help the previously isolated "special" siblings learn how to operate in the outside world.
When high schooler Leo moves into his stepfather's home, he's surprised to learn he has three stepsiblings -- each with bionic powers. Leo decides to help the previously isolated "special" siblings learn how to operate in the outside world.
Featuring footage from professional surfer
Unethical dim-bulb attorney Charlie Arglist embezzles $2 million from a mobster. Not content with the cash, the sleazy lawyer plans to skip town with pretty club owner Renata Crest -- until the cops and townsfolk grow increasingly suspicious.
Hoping to impress his pals, snobbish Cristobal invites them to his parents' villa, where he lords over the servants and tries to seduce a guest. But a romantic rivalry with the gardener soon unravels Cristobal's carefully curated aristocratic image.
After Gopal rescues an attractive woman from a criminal gang, the two are forced to spend the night together on a yacht. He tells his wife a little white lie about his whereabouts that soon balloons into a comedy of errors.
Based on a true story, a quadriplegic aristocrat's world is turned upside down when he hires a young, good-humored ex-con as his caretaker.  This unlikely duo overcomes adversity of every flavor as they shatter preconceptions of love, life and each other.
Chronicling the extraordinary life of Captain
This animated series uses a group of cheerful and adventurous crayons to introduce very young viewers to all the colors of the rainbow. The Color Crew also helps kids learn the names of the objects and animals they see every day.
Bonnie Bear explores the world of art with her friendly sidekick Mr. Gramophone. As they listen to music and various sounds, Bonnie draws and paints her unique interpretations of what she hears, often with hilarious results.
Toddlers get transported to locations around the globe -- from the North Pole to the tropics -- as they learn about numbers in this animated series. From seals to koalas, the changing landscape provides a menagerie of critters for the kids to count.
Toddlers get transported to locations around the globe -- from the North Pole to the tropics -- as they learn about numbers in this animated series. From seals to koalas, the changing landscape provides a menagerie of critters for the kids to count.
Bonnie Bear explores the world of art with her friendly sidekick Mr. Gramophone. As they listen to music and various sounds, Bonnie draws and paints her unique interpretations of what she hears, often with hilarious results.
This animated series uses a group of cheerful and adventurous crayons to introduce very young viewers to all the colors of the rainbow. The Color Crew also helps kids learn the names of the objects and animals they see every day.
Depressed and despairing after an accident renders him paraplegic, Morgan gets a new lease on life when he meets Dean on a basketball court. But when Morgan risks his life entering a bike race and Dean walks out, he is pushed to the brink once again.
A young couple travels to Mexico on vacation and boats to a remote island paradise. They are pleased to see a group of children playing on the beach but soon realize there are no adults on the island -- and the kids are anything but innocent.
This installment of the In the Moment series chronicles the life and career of power forward Amar'e Stoudemire, the first all-star player to sign with the New York Knicks as part of the team's resurgence.
Eli has just moved with his family deep into the backwoods of Kentucky. Inexplicably drawn into the strange forest that lies beyond the farm, Eli encounters Amanda. He realizes that the forest and Amanda are harboring some very dark secrets.
Having promised to euthanize his terminally ill friend Gavin when the time came, Charlie finally brings himself to do the deed. Now, as he struggles to cope with his guilt and grief, Charlie responds by losing himself in drugs.
This wickedly funny mockumentary series follows the booze-fueled misadventures of Julian (
This wickedly funny mockumentary series follows the booze-fueled misadventures of Julian (
This wickedly funny mockumentary series follows the booze-fueled misadventures of Julian (
This wickedly funny mockumentary series follows the booze-fueled misadventures of Julian (
This wickedly funny mockumentary series follows the booze-fueled misadventures of Julian (
This wickedly funny mockumentary series follows the booze-fueled misadventures of Julian (
Piper is a beautiful, intelligent young woman with everything to live for, but she's trapped in a dark world of her own making. Deeply troubled, Piper has not left her apartment in a long time, and when there's a knock on the door, she will face a choice that will make the difference between life and death.
Obsession is a dangerous emotion for a socially awkward scientist who's still craving his comely colleague months after their one-night stand. But his feelings only intensify when she starts seeing another co-worker.
When a master concert pianist is found brutally murdered, young detective George Lam is tasked with ferreting out the killer. Suspicion immediately falls on a recently freed felon who served 20 years for rape and murder.
Playing a version of himself in this indie comedy, filmmaker
This wickedly funny mockumentary series follows the booze-fueled misadventures of Julian (
This wickedly funny mockumentary series follows the booze-fueled misadventures of Julian (
Taciturn farmer John Woldring is living on his own in the Australian Outback when a terrified woman who speaks little English appears on his property. Upon learning that the woman is an Afghan refugee in dire straits, Woldring elects to shelter her.
This series recounts the picaresque, worldwide adventures of professional prisoner Tulse Luper, whose life is reconstructed from the evidence of 92 suitcases found around the world between 1928 and 1989.
The world may know his on-screen persona, but
Rural kung fu whiz Qiang travels to the big city to visit his friend Lung, who's taken up Xanda, a new martial art that fuses multiple styles. When Lung is grievously wounded by the Xanda champ, Qiang trains in the sport to seek revenge in the ring.
This mockumentary from Peter Greenaway follows fictional scribe Tulse Luper around the world and across more than seven decades. At the story's core are Luper's 92 suitcases, representing not only where he traveled, but every element of his life.
Desperate for cash, Eric and his buddies think they've found the perfect easy score: robbing a warehouse full of counterfeit casino chips that belong to an old-school Vegas mobster. But when the heist goes bad, they've got a real mess on their hands.
In April 1889 -- six months since the last Jack the Ripper killing -- East London is emerging into a fragile peace, hopeful that the murderer's reign of terror might have finally run its course.
Vowing to make something of himself, Lucky, a 10-year-old South African orphan, leaves the security of his remote village for the big city. There, he forges an unlikely bond with an elderly Indian woman.
This mockumentary from Peter Greenaway follows fictional scribe Tulse Luper around the world and across more than seven decades. At the story's core are Luper's 92 suitcases, representing not only where he traveled, but every element of his life.
This series recounts the picaresque, worldwide adventures of professional prisoner Tulse Luper, whose life is reconstructed from the evidence of 92 suitcases found around the world between 1928 and 1989.
In April 1889 -- six months since the last Jack the Ripper killing -- East London is emerging into a fragile peace, hopeful that the murderer's reign of terror might have finally run its course.
A divine twist of fate causes Constance Rivers and her son Douglas to open their hearts to an ex-convict, Benjamin Sparks. While on the brink of losing her battle with kidney disease, Constance's near death confession causes her past and present to instantly collide.
If you know your old-school rap history, then you know that the legendary Sugarhill Gang introduced Hip Hop to the world with the Top 40 Hit "Rapper's Delight." But the story you haven't heard is the shocking truth about how greed and betrayal led to the band's fall into obscurity.
When a mysterious elixir makes former Broadway star Harper 30 years younger, she secretly infiltrates her beautiful daughter Mirabella's wedding. Her plan is to stop Mirabella from marrying so she can follow in Harper's famous footsteps.
Takizawa returns to Japan in the thrilling feature-length conclusion to "Eden of the East" to make his final moves against the remaining Seleo and uncover the secrets of his mysterious past.
Tokyo's workforce is riddled with robots that tend to go on destructive killing sprees. Four young women gear up in cybernetic suits to battle an evil corporation's bionic pawns while its grip on the city threatens to strangle humanity.
Tokyo's workforce is riddled with robots that tend to go on destructive killing sprees. Four young women gear up in cybernetic suits to battle an evil corporation's bionic pawns while its grip on the city threatens to strangle humanity.
Six years after the release of their first album, the members of the LCD Soundsystem decide to call it quits at the top of their game and celebrate their successful career with a powerful concert at Madison Square Garden.
Meghan Doherty is an executive whose ambitions begin pushing her personal friendships aside when she gets a chance to close a major property deal. However, when she sets off to meet the Christian landowner, an unexpected transformation awaits her.
Stripping away the headlines and hype, this documentary spotlights the people who surrounded serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer during and after his arrest. Comments by neighbors and police create a portrait of Dahmer that's disturbingly normal.
In this riveting supernatural thriller inspired by a true story, a recently orphaned teen arrives in a small Pacific Northwest town to stay with relatives, only to find herself haunted by murdered twin girls.
After escaping the dungeon of a serial killer, a man is forced to return to the house of horrors to help save a woman now in the killer's clutches. The squad of mercenaries leading the rescue must first find their way through a maze of lethal traps.
This sequel to "H2O: Just Add Water" follows a boy named Zac who turns into a merman after falling into a magical Pool. Zac's new powers could spell trouble for the three young mermaids who guard Mako Island. More episodes beginning in September.
This sequel to "H2O: Just Add Water" follows a boy named Zac who turns into a merman after falling into a magical Pool. Zac's new powers could spell trouble for the three young mermaids who guard Mako Island. More episodes beginning in September.

Former Confederate soldier Cullen Bohannon seeks his wife's killer as post-Civil War America struggles to rebuild its identity. His quest traverses the history of Reconstruction, peopled with railroad bosses, emancipated slaves and immigrants.
After her Nazi parents are imprisoned, Lore leads her younger siblings across a war-torn Germany in 1945. Amid the chaos, she encounters a mysterious refugee named Thomas, who shatters her fragile reality with hatred and desire.
In this post-apocalyptic sci-fi fantasy, a group of refugees from Earth lands on an exotic planet, where they must fight ruthless aliens to survive.
With news of their grandmother's passing, a group of sisters come together to pick a song to honor their grandmother's legacy at her memorial service. While cleaning out her attic, they find old memories celebrating her life and contributions to their family and the community.
To fight their biggest threat -- dark lord Nobunaga Oda -- rival warriors Sanada Yukimura and Date Masamune put aside their differences and join forces with other warring generals in feudal Japan, assembling a fearsome army of samurais and ninjas.
In this feature-length animated film inspired by the hit anime series, Allied and Axis characters must put aside their hostility in order to confront an onslaught of aliens who are painting the entire Earth, turning it into a vast white wasteland.
To fight their biggest threat -- dark lord Nobunaga Oda -- rival warriors Sanada Yukimura and Date Masamune put aside their differences and join forces with other warring generals in feudal Japan, assembling a fearsome army of samurais and ninjas.
Forget what you learned in history class, and imagine all the nations of the world as guys on an inappropriate reality show. Pledge allegiance to your favorite superpower in Hetalia Axis Powers!
Forget what you learned in history class, and imagine all the nations of the world as guys on an inappropriate reality show. Pledge allegiance to your favorite superpower in Hetalia Axis Powers!
Spanning four centuries in Korea from the Chosun Dynasty to the modern day, this epic action-adventure concerns a powerful pipe and a trio of wizards who will do anything to protect it, even if it means sealing a hot-shot student inside a scroll.
In this contemplative documentary, filmmaker
Meet Troy and Eric, Florida scientists whose off-time is spent filming homemade science-fiction epics with their friends in all the roles. Now they're pulling out all the stops for Planet X, a masterpiece they hope will launch them into the big time.
Dumped over his lack of finesse in the bedroom, a hapless accountant strikes up a deal with a stripper: He'll whip her dwindling finances into shape, and she'll teach him how to be a better lover.
After the mysterious death of the reclusive Rosalind Leigh, her estranged son, Leon, arrives at her house to take stock of his inheritance. But there's more to this house than dark corners and dusty antiques.
Friends, family, peers and the hardcore wrestling legend

Strike is from the mean streets, working his way up in the drug rackets. When a local kingpin tips him off to an opportunity for advancement, a rival dealer is killed, and Strike gets caught between two homicide detectives. Directed by
Two 19th-century Irish immigrants journey to America together: Joseph is a poor farmer who's lost everything, while Shannon is chafing against her privileged but stifling upbringing. They find love together as they endure a series of hardships.
In writer-director
Naive Guy lands a job as assistant to Buddy Ackerman, a repulsive studio exec who turns Guy's daily routine into a pride-swallowing siege. Guy is eager to climb the ladder of success, but Buddy stops at nothing to grab credit and foil Guy's plans.
Unemployed single mother Loretta Sinclair (
After discovering that lucky local Ned Devine croaked from the shock of hitting the jackpot in the national lottery, two men mastermind a scheme to impersonate him and collect his prize money.
Seven years after it went missing, a spaceship sends a garbled signal back to Earth that sounds a lot like a cry for help. A rescue ship is dispatched to investigate, but the crew soon realizes that something unimaginable has happened on board.
Born into slavery and cast adrift on the Nile, Moses is reared as the son of the pharaoh. After Moses learns of his true ancestry, he answers God's call and accepts his destiny: to lead the Hebrews out of slavery and into freedom.
When Jake travels to the Philippines to track down a missing friend, he falls victim to a trap and is kidnapped by the mastermind of a diabolical gambling ring that pits scientifically enhanced fighters against unwitting challengers.
To win back his girlfriend, Berke auditions for a Shakespearean musical and catches the eye of his friend's sister, who's coaching him. But how can she turn his head when it's already spinning for someone else?
Armed with a mighty sword, buff barbarian warrior Deathstalker journeys to a tournament sponsored by a wicked lord to rescue a princess and keep a sacred item out of the hands of an evil magician named Munkar.
When Roman forces invade her village, Amathea helplessly watches as her fianc, the king, is captured and her sister is violated. Vowing revenge, Amathea and her two surviving Amazonian sidekicks set out to liberate the villagers from tyranny.
This adaptation of Elizabeth Wurtzel's memoir stars
After discovering an odd creature in a mine, young Gage runs home only to learn the "Munchie" has followed him and wants to ward off the bullies who've been hassling him at school. But the Munchie's helpful intentions keep landing Gage into trouble!
A small-town girl's dreams of becoming a flight attendant hit some turbulence when she encounters a catty colleague, a frisky pilot and a crazy instructor. Fortunately, she has an "experienced" friend who shows her the ropes.
Dr. Daniel Jackson, a scholar of ancient hieroglyphics, signs on to help the Air Force unlock the mystery of a stone archway that's really a portal to another universe. There, they encounter a primitive culture and some not-so-nice creatures.
Joan is a secretary in the public defender's office, and Eddie is her jailed lover. When Eddie is released, they start afresh, but his old ties lure him back to a life of crime -- leading him to make desperate choices to hold on to his freedom.
A Los Angeles strip joint, the Rock Bottom, and its employees come under scrutiny when its dancers are found brutally murdered one by one. Detective Cody Sheehan is on the case and goes undercover as a stripper herself.
This in-depth interview with
This supernatural thriller interlaces the tales of two men tormented by the past: one a college student whose girlfriend died during a botched abortion and the other a university professor haunted by the spirit of the daughter he drove from his home.
After her father is killed by the monster he created, Tania Frankenstein attempts to make an idealized man who will keep her warm at night by implanting the brain of her father's aging assistant into the virile body of a mentally disabled manservant.
Killer crustaceans unleash their wrath and their sizeable claws on scientists sent to explore their habitat in this
This first installment of the trilogy based on the sci-fi novels by Sergei Lukyanenko plays upon the tension between light and dark, pitting the superhuman Night Watch patrollers (known as the "Others") against the shadowed forces of the night.
Ambitious teen Charlie wants more out of life besides checking out beach babes with his  buddies: He wants to be a rock star. But when he aligns himself with the wrong people, Charlie's scheme to get the attention of a top producer results in chaos.
Paula Kennedy heads a corporation researching accelerated-growth hormones, which geneticists inject into a crocodile that soon gets loose and grows to titanic proportions. Naturally, the critter starts munching on the folks in a nearby town.

Changing fortunes await wealthy but dejected industrialist Aditya when he meets a spirited chatterbox named Geet on a train. Geet's on her way to elope with her secret beau, but fate has other plans.
The first in a series of irreverent reworkings of classic fables from the Jim Henson gang, this story finds the titular pigs taking in a wolf cub that's been left at their door by special ops wolves keen to plant a sleeper cell in their midst.

Most people don't set out to produce a horrible film, so how exactly does it happen? This documentary about 1989's Troll 2 -- often referred to as the "worst movie in history" -- attempts to answer that question.


Raunchy jokes mix with screwball antics as four boarding school pals try to score with women, earning points for each successful seduction. But when they pursue the new teacher -- a 100-pointer! -- the guys wind up on the bad side of the headmaster.
This zany take on the American Dream follows the Raj clan, who are just like any other family in Hoboken, N.J.: drowning in debt, driving one another crazy and ... mixed up with the mob by way of a call center in India.
When a life-form cultivated by scientists for food gets loose and starts eating the researchers for dinner, intergalactic troubleshooter Mike Colby and his android pal arrive to stop the beast. As the bodies pile up, Colby uncovers a monster secret.
When a school of mutant piranha is accidentally released into a river -- and headed straight for a kids' summer camp -- it's up to investigator Maggie McKeown and local woodsman Paul Grogan to prevent the potential carnage.
Director
Reeling from a bad breakup, Billy returns to his hometown in Virginia for support and starts spending time with his childhood best friend, Stanley. But Stanley has some deep emotional issues, and Billy begins to learn the extent of his madness.
Tired of waiting for men to take action (and typically disappoint), resourceful beach babes Alexis and Lindsay decide to go out and get what they want -- quite literally, by treating men as a species to be hunted.
More than 150 years after a party of settlers came to a gruesome end in the snowbound Donner Pass, a group of teenagers on a ski trip are horrified to discover that someone in the area still has a voracious appetite for human flesh.
A group of thrill-seeking teens determined to find out whether paranormal activity exists on remote Munger Road uncover secrets of a deadly variety. Meanwhile, local cops race to contain the horror the teens have unleashed.
After a gorgeous temptress mysteriously appears on an exotic island in the Bermuda triangle, a film producer dreams of her seducing him -- then wakes to a nightmare with his best friend murdered and himself the prime suspect in this sexy thriller.
Hyun Jae is still a teenager when she's kidnapped and spirited to Las Vegas, where she's forced to work as a prostitute for the next two years. Renamed Eden by her captors, she works to gain their respect in a bid to win her liberty.
The altar boys at St. Mark's love a funeral. They're pulled out of school to work the event and never seem to make it back to class afterward. But too much free time can be the devil's playground, as the boys are about to find out.
Ad execs live up to their cutthroat reputation as agencies go head-to-head for new clients, with only seven days to build the perfect sales pitch. From brainstorm to delivery, teams struggle to come up with killer creative that will seal the deal.
A team of individuals gifted with extraordinary neurological abilities is tasked with solving a series of high-profile crimes. Among them are an autistic man whose mind works as fast as a computer and an FBI agent with super strength.
After her mother's death, young Tristana goes to live with her guardian, an older man who breaks through his facade of respectability and seduces her. She repays him a hundredfold, preying on his jealousy and taunting him with perverse whimsies.
An investigator in the Israeli military is ordered to interrogate a senior officer who has been accused of abusing an Arab family. Her questioning is greeted with sarcasm by the commander, and her colleagues advise her to abandon the case.
Best-selling author and former Essex Boys member
Best-selling author and former Essex Boys member
"SNL" alum
Angela is a young single mother trying to get by in Las Vegas. When Max and his sister make an offer to "help" Angela, she must decide what she's willing to give up and what truly matters in life.
While at summer camp, seven kids (Tai, Matt, Sora, Izzy, Mimi, Joe, and T.K) come across seven Digivices and are transported to a strange digital world. In this new world they make friends with creatures that call themselves Digimon (short for Digital Monsters) who were born to defend their world from various evil forces. The children learn they have the ability to help their new Digimon friends digivolve into different Digital Monsters and fight as a team to defend enemies and ultimately find their way home.
While at summer camp, seven kids (Tai, Matt, Sora, Izzy, Mimi, Joe, and T.K) come across seven Digivices and are transported to a strange digital world. In this new world they make friends with creatures that call themselves Digimon (short for Digital Monsters) who were born to defend their world from various evil forces. The children learn they have the ability to help their new Digimon friends digivolve into different Digital Monsters and fight as a team to defend enemies and ultimately find their way home.
While at summer camp, seven kids-- Yagami Taichi, Ishida Yamato, Takenouchi Sora, Izumi K?shir?, Tachikawa Mimi, Kido J?, and Takaishi Takeru --come across seven Digivices and are transported to a strange digital world. In this new world they make friends with creatures that call themselves Digimon--short for Digital Monsters--who were born to defend their world from various evil forces. The children learn they have the ability to help their new Digimon friends digivolve into different Digital Monsters and fight as a team to defend enemies and ultimately find their way home.
The quaint seaside town of Palm Cove is home to upstanding citizens, good ol' fashioned southern hospitality. and a deadly rash of barracuda attacks. The town sheriff and a young marine biologist join forces to discover that the culprits are none other than the local chemical plant and its odious managers. But little do they know that the scheme runs much, much deeper.
While at summer camp, seven kids-- Yagami Taichi, Ishida Yamato, Takenouchi Sora, Izumi K?shir?, Tachikawa Mimi, Kido J?, and Takaishi Takeru --come across seven Digivices and are transported to a strange digital world. In this new world they make friends with creatures that call themselves Digimon--short for Digital Monsters--who were born to defend their world from various evil forces. The children learn they have the ability to help their new Digimon friends digivolve into different Digital Monsters and fight as a team to defend enemies and ultimately find their way home.
In this steamy drama, a Hollywood screenwriter lusts after his beautiful 16-year-old daughter -- who reciprocates his feelings -- while his wife finds herself torn between her spouse and her lesbian inclinations.
A major, though forgotten, work from New York's underground film scene of the late 60s and early 70s,
A scientist in the Philippines must tear her boyfriend away from the clutches of Lena, a seductive jungle priestess who feasts on snake venom and constant sex to remain young and to prevent herself from turning into a cobra.
Harry's friends throw a stag party for him at a topless go-go club on the eve of his wedding. At the party, he reflects on the good times he's had, including a number of seductions that took place on his yacht.
In this erotic Western, orphaned siblings Abilene and Tod struggle to suppress their feelings when they begin to develop a disturbing sexual attraction to each other. Later, when a man rapes his sister, Tod swears revenge.
Follow hot-blooded teens Tracy and Gene in their van full of beer as they embark on a wild summer road trip before their freshman year of college, experiencing hitchhiking hotties and crazy roadside adventures along the way.
Rebels Bone and Helen agree to pull off a string of robberies for a stranger who promises them escape from their totalitarian city in return. But their plan goes awry, and they end up fugitives from the law.
While at summer camp, seven kids-- Yagami Taichi, Ishida Yamato, Takenouchi Sora, Izumi K?shir?, Tachikawa Mimi, Kido J?, and Takaishi Takeru --come across seven Digivices and are transported to a strange digital world. In this new world they make friends with creatures that call themselves Digimon--short for Digital Monsters--who were born to defend their world from various evil forces. The children learn they have the ability to help their new Digimon friends digivolve into different Digital Monsters and fight as a team to defend enemies and ultimately find their way home.
While at summer camp, seven kids (Tai, Matt, Sora, Izzy, Mimi, Joe, and T.K) come across seven Digivices and are transported to a strange digital world. In this new world they make friends with creatures that call themselves Digimon (short for Digital Monsters) who were born to defend their world from various evil forces. The children learn they have the ability to help their new Digimon friends digivolve into different Digital Monsters and fight as a team to defend enemies and ultimately find their way home.
From the first frame this definitive documentary ties the blithe recreational use of cocaine to the global realities of its dirty supply chain. With unprecedented access to all the major players in the War on Drugs, from Presidents to drug mules, Cocaine Unwrapped challenges preconceptions and begs compassion.
On the day of his college graduation, Preston Plummer cannot think of a single thing he really loves. Adrift, Preston follows a beautiful but troubled young woman to a small island town where he begins to fall for her, but it all threatens to fall apart when he uncovers her family's dark past.
Emmy winner
After gathering for Sunday brunch at one of their homes, four couples realize they are stranded together as the world may be coming to an end during an apocalyptic crisis. Nevertheless, they continue to deal with their various relationship issues.
Ex-CIA agent and current security expert Ben Logan has moved to Belgium with his estranged 15-year-old daughter. But when they're both targeted for assassination, they must go on the run and learn to trust each other.
There's an outbreak of teen suicides after the mysterious cursed video from the Ringu trilogy becomes a viral sensation on the Internet. Is it all just a cruel hoax, or has the deadly and vengeful ghost of Sadako resurrected herself again?
When the queen he secretly loves becomes caught up in a dangerous political battle that may prove fatal, the queen's bodyguard -- former bounty hunter Mu Myeong -- must take action to save her life.


This wild sci-fi vision imagines a freaky future where diseases caught by celebrities are put on the market for injection by their obsessed fans. Virus dealer Syd March makes a big mistake when he gives himself the same bug that killed a superstar.
Curtis King, a handsome and popular student athlete, may know his way around the court, but his heart still needs a game plan. When he decides to keep a journal to give his life a new direction, the path leads him straight to the love he needed most.

Working as a photographer for a magazine that runs stories about the occult takes Kohei Morioka to a castle in Germany, where he meets a young vampire and brings her back with him to Japan in this supernatural anime.
Working as a photographer for a magazine that runs stories about the occult takes Kohei Morioka to a castle in Germany, where he meets a young vampire and brings her back with him to Japan in this supernatural anime.
In this animated sequel to A Turtle's Tale, Sammy the leatherback turtle and his best friend, Ray, are protecting hatchlings when seagulls attack. Soon, poachers separate the pair, shipping them off for display in an aquarium show.
In this riveting documentary,
Axe Giant is a dark, contemporary take on the tall tale.  Kids at a first-time offenders' boot camp discover the legend of lumberjack Paul Bunyan is real, but is much more horrifying than they could have imagined.
In three shorts, a kindergarten principal finds a series of cartoons drawn by her docile top pupil; an actor struggles to rise to the occasion in Singapore's first porn movie; and a nightclub bouncer faces off with a rebellious teenage stripper.
The story of three unlikely friends isolated in a small rural town discovering what they can of life and love amid racial tensions and the recklessness of youth, in a world  clouded by a dark mystery from his past.
Three down-and-out brothers struggle to find a way out of New York's seedy Hell's Kitchen just after World War II. Cosmo (
In search of a place to live as squatters, four London art students come upon the perfect place -- an empty house that appears to be theirs for the taking. But once inside, they realize they're sharing the space with a deeply evil presence.
New York's Central Park holds a magical attraction for diehard bird watchers such as the diverse group of locals featured here. The profiles include a teenage girl, a trombone technician, writer Jonathan Franzen and a host of feathered friends.
After inexplicably being blacklisted by his government handlers and having all of his assets frozen, quick-thinking and resourceful spy Michael Westen (
Master surf filmmaker
This documentary series tells the compelling stories of individuals who are battling unusual obsessive behaviors, following them as they reveal their addictions to friends and family and meet with psychological experts to understand their condition.
When four young wizards from the rowdiest, most destructive guild in Fiore team up to take jobs across the kingdom, they forge a bond more powerful than any magic and grow stronger with every mission.
When four young wizards from the rowdiest, most destructive guild in Fiore team up to take jobs across the kingdom, they forge a bond more powerful than any magic and grow stronger with every mission.
At a spirit-crushing juvenile correctional facility, teenage offenders Butch, Davis and Angel desperately struggle to steer clear of trouble while simultaneously confronting violent challenges from aggressive inmates and abusive adults.
After her mother abandons her, 13-year-old Lauduree tries to hide the fact that she's living alone as she pursues her quest to help thwart global warming. But soon she must negotiate a difficult relationship with her alcoholic grandmother.
Teenager Alejandra moves with her father from Puerto Vallarta to Mexico City to start life anew following her mother's accidental death. However, Alejandra's classmates at her new school cruelly turn on her after a social gaffe.
Most people may know him just as the guy who sings "Jessie's Girl," but rocker-actor
After his infant son dies from a rare genetic mutation, Dr. Geoff Burton moves to Germany to continue his work on a regenerative drug that might have saved the boy's life. But he soon suspects that something is afoot with his new colleagues.
Episodes focus on great minds of sci fi whose spark of imagination changed our reality. See what events influenced the prophecies and the animation that brings them to life; once visionary technology is now put into practice.
A once-murderous sea captain -- Solomon Kane -- is holed up in a monastery in retreat from the devil, whom he fears is coming for his soul. Kane soon learns, however, that the path to redemption lies in defending those who are weak.
Fifteen years after electricity stopped working and the world was sent back into the dark ages -- with small agrarian communities of families working together -- three companions go on a quest to uncover the truth about the mysterious blackout.
Fifteen years after electricity stopped working and the world was sent back into the dark ages -- with small agrarian communities of families working together -- three companions go on a quest to uncover the truth about the mysterious blackout.
Building upon his 2011 documentary,
Building upon his 2011 documentary,
Scientists drill a hole in the universe to harvest a limitless pool of 'dark energy', but the experiment goes horribly wrong and wipes an entire city off the map. Now, the effort to save the world, becomes the ultimate threat that could destroy it.
Scientists drill a hole in the universe to harvest a limitless pool of 'dark energy', but the experiment goes horribly wrong and wipes an entire city off the map. Now, the effort to save the world, becomes the ultimate threat that could destroy it.
To catch a pair of escaped cop killers, detective Jack Cates temporarily paroles wisecracking hustler Reggie Hammond into his custody. This odd couple has only 48 hours to solve the crime before Reggie has to go back to the slammer.

Dalmatians Pongo and Perdy and their owners are overjoyed by the arrival of 15 puppies. But the evil Cruella De Vil wants to harvest the pups' fur and dognaps the litter. Now, Pongo and Perdy must rally the city's animals to come to their rescue.
Suffering short-term memory loss after a head injury, Leonard Shelby embarks on a grim quest to find out who murdered his wife. Shelby snaps Polaroids of people and places, jotting down contextual notes on the backs of photos to aid in his search.
Writer-director
Sensing a God-given mission to cleanse the earth of all evil, twin brothers Conner (
Two-bit hustler Ben McGewan hatches a scheme to pay off his dead brother's debt by stealing a priceless Chinese statue stored in a bank vault. To get to the artifact, Ben and his hapless cohorts stage a rave in the club next to the bank.
Disgusted by corruption within the force, South African cop Andre Stander begins robbing banks incognito and then investigating his own heists. He's soon caught and sent to jail, but he escapes and becomes a cult hero.
This portrayal of Adolf Hitler's final days is based on the memoirs of Traudl Junge, the young secretary who with him until his death. Holed up in a bunker in Berlin, Hitler spends his last days in chaos, vacillating between paranoia and defiance.
Join actor friends
Actor friends
As Christianity gains steam in Roman Egypt toward the end of the fourth century A.D., a young slave weighs his desire for freedom against his growing love for his mistress, an atheist and professor of philosophy.
Fleeing a stale marriage, New Yorker Emmie returns home and hooks up with old flame Scott, a cartoonist who's settled for mediocrity. Amid the promise of new romance, they discover that the years apart have changed them forever.
The world of competitive taxidermy provides plenty of fodder for amusement and amazement in this reality series that pits skinner against skinner. Turning animals into art, the competitors fashion hippie squirrels, toucan-headed chickens and more.
The world of competitive taxidermy provides plenty of fodder for amusement and amazement in this reality series that pits skinner against skinner. Turning animals into art, the competitors fashion hippie squirrels, toucan-headed chickens and more.
Independent, outspoken and adored by her students, private school teacher Rita fares less well with adults in this comedy-drama from Denmark. While Rita always knows what she's doing in the classroom, raising her three teenage boys is another matter.
Independent, outspoken and adored by her students, private school teacher Rita fares less well with adults in this comedy-drama from Denmark. While Rita always knows what she's doing in the classroom, raising her three teenage boys is another matter.
Staring down a sheer precipice into a deep abyss with your head spinning, every fibre in your body tries to resist the edge. Meet the men and women who don't. Overcoming their fears, they step off into thin air and fly like birds, hurtling at impossible speeds and gliding across beautiful rolling landscapes.
You'll see the rest, now watch the FIRST.
Join actor friends
Actor friends

Unconstrained by dialogue or narration, this contemplative documentary reveals the ties between the dueling rhythms of nature and humanity as found in diverse locations across the globe, from sacred sites and natural wonders to industrial zones.
Dinosaur Project is a team of explorers searching for a mythical creature. When their helicopter is brought down by a flock of enormous birds they discover strange creatures which civilization has thought extinct for millions of years!




Join Ms. Frizzle as the Magic School Bus travels to outer space, under the sea, through an anthill -- and even inside the human body! With Friz's students and trusty lizard sidekick Liz along for the ride, the possibilities are endless.

Join Ms. Frizzle as the Magic School Bus travels to outer space, under the sea, through an anthill -- and even inside the human body! With Friz's students and trusty lizard sidekick Liz along for the ride, the possibilities are endless.
Join Ms. Frizzle as the Magic School Bus travels to outer space, under the sea, through an anthill -- and even inside the human body! With Friz's students and trusty lizard sidekick Liz along for the ride, the possibilities are endless.
At a Siberian women's prison known as UF-91/9, inmates vie every year for the beauty pageant title of Miss Spring. Focusing on three entrants, this captivating documentary looks at a new generation of women coming of age in post-Soviet Russia.
Small-town life is far from dull in this indie charmer that follows refrigerator repair company receptionist Karen in pursuit of her long-lost dad. After fielding a service call from the almost-stranger, Karen convinces a pal to pose as a mechanic.
A baby Tarbosaurus lives a happy life in his forest home with his mom and siblings. But the life of a dinosaur is a hard one: Revenge, death, fear and sadness are all in his future -- as are happiness and, ultimately, hope.
Adapted from the Australian TV series, this unconventional comedy follows the surreal experiences of Ryan, a deeply depressed man who becomes convinced that his neighbor's dog Wilfred is actually a man wearing a costume.
Meet Tiger and Zola, two "citizen reporters" who travel China chasing the big news stories as it's never been done before. Outfitted with 21st-century technology, the two face censorship and even imprisonment in their pursuit of the truth.
Josh and Ling were expecting a boring vacation visiting each of their parents at an archaeological dig in China. But the new friends soon discover they're right in the middle of an adventure when they find a Chinese Golden Dragon.
Some of the world's richest men secretly gather at an exclusive casino in order to bid on the recently appropriated, priceless Japanese Emperor's Pearl. But none of them know the illegal auction is dangerous.
Host Mike Nelson continues the cultish comedy cavalcade of biting sarcastic humor that can only be "Mystery Science Theater 3000." This time out, the boys take on the low-budget horror flick The Touch of Satan. When a lost traveler is taken in by a beautiful woman, he falls in love. But when he finds out she's sporting a mean -- and sharp -- pitchfork, he learns she's not exactly the girl of his dreams.
A horrible car crash leaves four teens comatose, separating their souls from their still-living bodies. When the mysterious Soultaker (
After finding a map that belonged to his murdered father, Troy MacGreggor (
Successful Paris attorney Paul Exben (
Joel (
Former Spy Kids Carmen and Juni Cortez return as teenagers to help 10-year-old twin siblings Rebecca and Cecil Wilson save the world with their stepmother, a retired secret agent who's been called back into service to stop a conniving smuggler.
Set in a remote town bounded by quicksand, this action-packed "space Western" anime saga centers on a former outlaw -- Vash the Stampede -- whose past catches up to him when a notorious bank robber named Gasback stages a heist right in front of him.
An atomic explosion unleashes the destructive giant turtle Gamera from its tomb, providing the snarky MST3K gang with endless comic fodder. Gamera later befriends a youngster who tries to thwart the scientists aiming to destroy the flying creature.
Based on the popular manga series created by Fuyumi Ono, this gripping anime follows the adventures of Naru Shibuya and Mai Taniyama, the teenage paranormal researchers known collectively as the Shibuya Psychic Research team. Aided by cutting-edge technology and a collection of psychic mediums and spirit guides, Naru and Mai investigate the unsettling supernatural events that plague the campus of Ryokuryou High School.
Based on the popular manga series created by Fuyumi Ono, this gripping anime follows the adventures of Naru Shibuya and Mai Taniyama, the teenage paranormal researchers known collectively as the Shibuya Psychic Research team. Aided by cutting-edge technology and a collection of psychic mediums and spirit guides, Naru and Mai investigate the unsettling supernatural events that plague the campus of Ryokuryou High School.
When ladies' man Norman meets gorgeous, cosmopolitan Dori, he embarks on a weekend of romance that soon turns to terror. The reason: Dori demands that they compress five holidays into one weekend so that a trapped Norman can prove his devotion.
An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.


An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.
An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.
Explore how the media's often disparaging portrayals of women contribute to the under-representation of females in positions of power, creating another generation of women defined by beauty and sexuality, and not by their capacity as leaders.

Filmed in a notorious Louisiana prison, this moving documentary chronicles the work of some inmates who find a sense of redemption for their past crimes by volunteering in the jail's hospice, offering compassion to other prisoners as they die.
An unlikely friendship forms in a Venetian pub between a Chinese immigrant working as a bartender and a transplanted Yugoslavian known as The Poet. But the local fishermen who like to drink there aren't nearly as accepting of their differences.

HIGHLAND PARK follows a group of high school faculty members and their desire to improve their community. Confronted with overwhelming problems and limited resources, their lives and priorities change when money seemingly falls into their lap.
Harold is suffering from a frightening new disease that is turning him into a zombie.  After an experimental new treatment fails, Harold's condition deteriorates and he ends up on the run from a group of violent vigilantes out for blood.
Director
Set in 1978 Chile during the tyrannical reign of Augusto Pinochet, Pablo Larra
Mumbai shopkeeper Kanji Bhai files a lawsuit against God when an earthquake destroys his store and his insurance policy won't cover the damage. A motorcycle-riding modern-day Krishna arrives to guide Kanji as the public reacts to the court case.

Berliners Hanna and Simon, a couple in their 40s, have grown comfortable in their marriage. Independently, each meets and romances Adam, a handsome younger man. When Hanna becomes pregnant, all three must face what they've tried to ignore.
When their maid unceremoniously quits, stodgy French businessman Jean-Louis and his socialite wife replace her with a vivacious Spanish lass who, along with her spirited friends, shows Jean-Louis a world beyond his circumscribed bourgeois life.
Science in the service of crime fighting comes to the Big Apple in the second spinoff of the "CSI" franchise.
In this animated update to the Transformers franchise, the Autobots once again protect Earth from the onslaught of the Decepticons and their villainous leader, Megatron. This time around, the Autobots find powerful allies in three humans.
When Dawn and David return to his childhood hometown, an unexpected visit from David's unbalanced brother -- a soldier on leave -- brings hidden family history to light and makes Dawn question how well she knows her husband.
In the future, catastrophic wars have transformed Earth into a barren wasteland with the remaining population crowded into megacities, where all-powerful cops -- including the ultraviolent Judge Dredd -- are on the hunt for drug-dealing terrorists.
Named after Hitler's failed coup attempt, "Beer hall Putsch" brings you deeper into acerbic comic

Studly Jarod, nerdy Griff, flamboyant Nico and innocent Andy all want the same thing -- to lose their virginity -- and they'll paint the town lavender to do so in this gay take on the teen comedy genre that's filled with naughty gags aplenty.
A male prostitute with the enigmatic name of X carefully avoids personal intimacy and affection, maintaining his stoic approach until one of his regular customers tempts him to reconsider his position by sharing a meaningful story.
When King Henry II (
In this aquatic animated treat, orphaned fish Pi bids farewell to Boston Harbor for a new life with his psychic aunt in the Caribbean, where he promptly falls for beautiful angelfish Cordelia. But a nasty shark also has his sights set on Cordelia.


As he comes to grips with his undeniable attraction to big, hairy men and adjusts to his new roomies, cute cub Tyler struggles to figure out his place within the tight-knit bear community, gain acceptance from his old friends and find fuzzy love.

In this homage to '80s-style raunchy teen sex comedies, a straight Texas frat boy decides to do something about the erotic gay fantasies he's been indulging and sets his sights on hooking up with an openly gay man on campus.
Styled after the glossy vampire flicks of the 1960s, this thriller finds undead Djuna giving in to her lust for screenwriter Paulo. Enter Djuna's sister Mimi, whose own hunger for Paulo's blood turns the local vampire community on its pointed ear.
Chronicling a year in the life of a family-run dairy, this charming documentary centers on an optimistic English farmer who insists on thinking small when it comes to the size of his herd.
In the early days of World War II, two military airplanes -- one British and one German -- are shot down over Norway. Now, the crews of both aircraft are forced to work together in a desperate attempt to survive the harsh winter conditions.
Two friends fall in love with the same girl, a free spirit named Lisa, but their teenage love triangle evaporates when she suddenly leaves town. On a business trip 30 years later, she returns, reawakening old passions.
Celebrity wedding planner
Stuck in their late Grandfather's country cottage with no TV, Anthea, Robert and Chris are resigned to a boring week until they find a mouldy old carpet and a strange golden egg. But when the egg accidentally falls into the bonfire, it hatches into the mythical firebird, the Gloden Phoenix. So begins an amazing journey and the adventure of a lifetime, as the Phoenix takes them to a land of enchantment, magic and fantasy - via a magic flying carpet.
An action-oriented family drama set against the backdrop of southern organized crime and the Nashville music scene. Tarzen Larkin is the ruthless boss of a crime family looking to expand its territory. He hopes that his nephew, Eli Larkin, will step up to take his rightful place in the family business, but Eli isn'?t so sure that this wouldn'?t be making a deal with the devil. Eli has his hands full trying to manage his own band of young outlaws, and his life only gets more complicated when he meets Annabel Lee, the beautiful daughter of country music?s biggest star. Annabel'?s mother Anastasia is a force to be reckoned with, and she is determined not to see her daughter drawn in to the gritty, rough-and-tumble world that she herself fought so hard to leave behind.
In this animated feature based on Lego's line of Bionicle toys, a young hero on the mystical island of Mata Nui struggles to save his dying world with the help of a couple of friends and the guidance of the mysterious Mask of Light.

Skillful young trader Craft Lawrence roves from town to town, peddling his goods for a nifty profit, but when wolf-goddess Holo turns up in his cart disguised as a young woman, the quirky duo sets off on a humorous journey to her northern homeland.
Kai, Jay, Cole and Zane must master their elemental powers and Spinjitzu weapons to protect the land of Ninjago. Ninjago also has an underworld, where the evil Lord Garmadon and the Skeleton Army live.
Skillful young trader Craft Lawrence roves from town to town, peddling his goods for a nifty profit, but when wolf-goddess Holo turns up in his cart disguised as a young woman, the quirky duo sets off on a humorous journey to her northern homeland.
Kai, Jay, Cole and Zane must master their elemental powers and Spinjitzu weapons to protect the land of Ninjago. Ninjago also has an underworld, where the evil Lord Garmadon and the Skeleton Army live.
Six young warriors with special powers are called upon to save the peaceful subterranean city of Metru Nui when it falls under attack by dark forces in league with a demented villain bent on conquest.
Every day, computer users across the globe log onto Second Life, a virtual world populated by life-like avatars. For a few people, their everyday lives are dramatically consumed by this alternate reality, affecting their relationships on and offline.
In this sensitive tale of one man's search to find a home for his animal companion, filmmaker
This stylish murder yarn focuses on a mysterious stranger named Jonas who brings an ill wind into the prosperous lives of Nick and Victoria Compton. When Victoria's law partner is later found murdered, Nick ends up being arrested for the crime.
After confessing an unusual secret, repressed wife Rebecca Westbridge is prompted by her friends to explore her sexuality with a high-priced call girl. Apprehensive but intrigued by the prospect, Rebecca embarks on an erotic tryst.
Offered a chance to be a star, a young rapper must decide whether to go for the gold or remain true to herself and the friends who've helped her. Meanwhile, her family struggles, with her mom in jail and her ex-gangbanger dad trying to go straight.
Olivia Pope leads a team of Washington, D.C., lawyers who specialize in making scandals disappear. As they secretly handle crises at the highest levels of government, the dysfunctional team must also cope with problems closer to home.
Enough with the comforting white light when we die; what if you end up, you know, in the other place? This thought-provoking film digs for answers. Theologians, clergy and pop culture figures discuss hell: its place in religion, history and reality.
The landscape, art and culture of Mexico come to vibrant life in this visual tapestry, set to music by some of the country's greatest performers, including alt-rocker
Depressed over his breakup with sexy wrestler La Tetona Mendoza, washed-up fighter El Santos starts a business that exploits a recent zombie invasion. But when a rival wipes out the zombies, El Santos searches for a way to bring them back.
Samantha Rhodes, an archaeologist and professor of ancient languages, has discovered a map on the ocean floor that she believes leads to Atlantis. She gathers a top-notch salvage crew and boards the Neptune, a state-of-the-art submarine.
The four young masters of Spinjitzu -- Cole, Jay, Kai and Zane -- have come together with a singular mission in mind: to defeat the evil Lord Garmadon. But first, they must recover the Golden Weapons that were hidden so long ago.
Kai grew up dreaming of becoming a blacksmith like his father. But that was before skeleton warriors ransacked his village and abducted his sister Nya. Now he's training to become a ninja master of spinjitzu in this Lego martial arts saga.
A wealthy banker and his dominant mistress push each other to their limits through increasingly extreme and dangerous desires. Soon, their sadomasochistic impulses threaten to destroy them both.
The evil Black Phantom breaks into the Hero Factory and releases all the imprisoned villains, including Splitface, Jawblade and the Toxic Reapa. As the Heroes comb the galaxy to recapture their foes, they discover a much more diabolical plan at work!
An apocalypse leaves only three people on Earth: a beautiful woman, Sarah; a handsome man, Raphael; and Alan -- a chubby, socially inept student. Not wanting to be the third wheel, Alan vies for Sarah's affections... and plots to get rid of Raphael.
Octogenarian Jorgen Lauersen Vig owns a tumbledown castle in Denmark and dreams of transforming it into an orthodox Russian monastery. But a nun insists on renovations, which could prevent Vig's dream from coming true in this offbeat documentary.


Inspired by Alexandre Dumas' The Count of Monte Cristo, this modern-day drama follows a lovely young woman who moves to the Hamptons and charms the pants off her new neighbors -- while plotting their downfall for sins committed against her family.
Dutch Crips members Main C and Santos both yearn to escape gang life, but hardened leader Keylow holds the keys to their fates. Main C wants to be a good father and Santos wants to reclaim his life, but their affiliations require loyalty at any cost.
A circle of small-town youths in France come of age in this drama from acclaimed writer-director
A friend asks Miss Marple to investigate a crime. Instead of giving any clues, he books her on a coach tour of historic homes. Murder is on the itinerary.
New York-based businesswoman and filmmaker
In this thought-provoking documentary, filmmaker
Paul Hanganu (
Director
Stretching approximately 2,175 miles, the Appalachian Trail is the longest marked trail in the country, hiked in part by some 4 million people each year. National Geographic straps on the boots to explore the splendors of this celebrated route. Marked by challenging climbs, sweeping vistas and dense forests, the mountainous trail is kept healthy and wild thanks to the efforts of countless conservationists, volunteers and scientists.

This is a test synopsis. This is a test synopsis. This is a test synopsis. This is a test synopsis. This is a test synopsis. This is a test synopsis. This is a test synopsis. This is a test synopsis.
Using personal stories, this powerful doc illuminates the plight of the 49 million Americans struggling with food insecurity. A single mother, a small-town policeman and a farmer are among those for whom putting food on the table is a daily battle.
An example of 23.976 frames per second. An example of 23.976 frames per second. An example of 23.976 frames per second. An example of 23.976 frames per second. An example of 23.976 frames per second. An example of 23.976 frames per second.
Test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test
The ongoing "war" between two rival groups of kids in neighboring French villages during the Nazi occupation mirrors the larger events of World War II in this drama adapted from the classic novel.
Edmond and Serge became friends in prison, and formed a gang of infamous bank robbers in the 1970s that disbanded in 1974 with an arrest. Retired at 60, Edmond now tends to his family and has found peace -- but then Serge comes back into the picture.
In this cautionary comedy, an impoverished young couple finds the answer to their money woes in the form of a magical brass teapot that dispenses cash whenever they feel pain. But as the teapot ups the ante, how far will they go to make a fast buck?
Picking up where the off-kilter Tai Chi Hero 0 ended, this sequel follows Yang Lu Chan's training under his master and new bride, Yu Niang. His new kung fu skills come in handy when Yu's brother launches an insidious plot against their village.
With its groundbreaking use of open-source software, this experimental animated short tells the tale of Proog and Emo, two men who live in a capricious, seemingly infinite machine with a sinister purpose.
An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.
Fed up with human patients, the dogged Doctor Dolittle switches specialties -- and species. After learning to speak hundreds of animal languages, he takes to the high seas as a world-famous veterinarian in search of the Great Pink Sea Snail.
After packing off his wife and son for the summer, doughy middle-aged publisher Richard Sherman (
The fashion world is turned upside down when beautiful and utterly empty-headed male model Derek Zoolander discovers that fashion mogul Jacobim Mogatu is behind a plot to assassinate the prime minister of Malaysia.
Distraught after the disappearance of his estranged wife, Quoyle and his daughter move into their ancestral home with his long-lost aunt in Newfoundland, where life is rough and secrets are buried deep.
The morning after his bachelor party, prospective groom Paul Morse awakens next to a pretty girl who's not his fianc
Between sets from his live stand-up routine, in which he riffs on everything from Michael Jackson to terrorism, comedian
In this big-screen update of the popular TV series, Capt. McHale and his ragtag band of bumbling misfits are called upon to defend the base of San Ysidro Island from an evil terrorist bent on world domination.
Young heroin addict Bobby introduces his drug-free girlfriend to New York's "Needle Park." But in this sordid world peopled with addicts who lie, cheat and steal their way to their next fix, will Bobby feel any guilt for corrupting a pure soul?
Master of horror
This sci-fi series chronicles the stories of 4,400 people who inexplicably vanished over the course of five decades and suddenly reappeared without having grown any older since disappearing -- but now possess mysterious powers.
This sci-fi series chronicles the stories of 4,400 people who inexplicably vanished over the course of five decades and suddenly reappeared without having grown any older since disappearing -- but now possess mysterious powers.
Determined to leave his criminal days behind, inner-city drug dealer Marcus pursues the one thing that inspires him -- rap music -- but on his life-altering journey, the aspiring artist runs into tough times.
Comedian
This sci-fi series chronicles the stories of 4,400 people who inexplicably vanished over the course of five decades and suddenly reappeared without having grown any older since disappearing -- but now possess mysterious powers.
When friendly ghost Casper decides he needs to toughen up, he goes to school to learn how to scare people. Little does he know he'll end up in the middle of a scandal that could threaten the whole world!
This sci-fi series chronicles the stories of 4,400 people who inexplicably vanished over the course of five decades and suddenly reappeared without having grown any older since disappearing -- but now possess mysterious powers.

While home visiting relatives for Thanksgiving, 19-year-old Marine Mike Holland begins an unexpected romance, clashes with family and old friends, and confronts his fears about his imminent deployment to Iraq.
Comedian
In this animated update of the classic tale, Goldilocks is a spoiled teenage pop star who agrees to spend a month living with the Bear family as part of a reality television show stunt -- a situation that causes plenty of friction at first.
After watching men with less impressive credentials pad their salaries with high-paying promotions, disgruntled female bank tellers stage an organized protest for union rights in this drama based on a true story.
Though Akira's (
This visual poem brings to life Pythagoras's theory that the soul moves from human to animal to vegetable to mineral in its evolutionary journey. Wordlessly, the film follows an elderly Italian goat herder as he makes the remarkable transition. Director
Brave bosses go undercover in this reality series, taking low-level jobs in their own companies to anonymously explore how their businesses are running at the grass-roots level and where improvements can be made. The jig is up after a week, when the executives reveal their true identities, work to solve problems they uncovered and reward the employees who unwittingly proved their sincerity and commitment to the company's success.
Brave bosses go undercover in this reality series, taking low-level jobs in their own companies to anonymously explore how their businesses are running at the grass-roots level and where improvements can be made. The jig is up after a week, when the executives reveal their true identities, work to solve problems they uncovered and reward the employees who unwittingly proved their sincerity and commitment to the company's success.
Brave bosses go undercover in this reality series, taking low-level jobs in their own companies to anonymously explore how their businesses are running at the grass-roots level and where improvements can be made. The jig is up after a week, when the executives reveal their true identities, work to solve problems they uncovered and reward the employees who unwittingly proved their sincerity and commitment to the company's success.
This sci-fi series chronicles the stories of 4,400 people who inexplicably vanished over the course of five decades and suddenly reappeared without having grown any older since disappearing -- but now possess mysterious powers.
If you buy in to official statements, Apollo 17 was NASA's last manned mission to the moon. But what if found footage of a secret Apollo mission that had taken place the following year could prove otherwise -- and explain why we haven't gone back?
This engaging animated children's series finds 7-year-old Pinky and her younger brother, Tyler, discussing new words and concepts and using imagination and logic to answer some of life's questions -- all through Pinky's wild, brain-swelling stories.
Representing a new kind of kids' show when it debuted in 1969, this educational series has never stopped innovating. Along the way, it's introduced a gallery of characters -- including Oscar and Big Bird -- to pop culture via Jim Henson's
Featuring Academy Award nominated
Idealistic teenager Rachel astonishes her fundamentalist Mormon family when she announces that she's been impregnated by listening to a rock song. Rachel then runs off to Las Vegas to escape an arranged marriage and to find the father of her baby.


Relive your favorite moments from the beloved staple of children's programming with this collection of classic "Sesame Street" scenes and sketches. Join the Muppet gang, plus special guests, for a fun-filled -- and educational -- good time.
Relive your favorite moments from the beloved staple of children's programming with this collection of classic "Sesame Street" scenes and sketches. Join the Muppet gang, plus special guests, for a fun-filled -- and educational -- good time.
Clumsy Seina's luck is the worst. So what in the world could two gorgeous Galaxy Police officers want with him? When their spaceship lands, Seina's blasting off into space with the beauties. It appears his luck could be changing for the better!
After pulling a dangerous, daredevil stunt at an air show, hotshot pilot Tae-hun is kicked off the military's top-notch air team and demoted into combat. Arriving at his new unit, the fighter is quickly popular with the majority of the squad.
Clumsy Seina's luck is the worst. So what in the world could two gorgeous Galaxy Police officers want with him? When their spaceship lands, Seina's blasting off into space with the beauties. It appears his luck could be changing for the better!
Twin rappers Henry and Herbert's purchase of a prize-winning T-shirt lands them a gig performing with a hip-hop superstar. But when their rival Kevin swipes their golden ticket, the pair will stop at nothing to save their chance at stardom.
Recorded in Denver before a sellout crowd, this hourlong comedy special finds new father
Mining his cerebral palsy for comedy gold, quipster
In his first comedy special, the popular comic actor and musician reveals edgy, honest tales of his failed attempts at being a gangster, his humble roots, marriage, fatherhood and his thoughts about Eminem.
In his first one-hour stand-up special, funnyman
In this stand-up special, money is a wellspring for the comedy of veteran funnyman


Her innocent appearance is just a cover for Last Comic Standing winner
Brave bosses go undercover in this reality series, taking low-level jobs in their own companies to anonymously explore how their businesses are running at the grass-roots level and where improvements can be made. The jig is up after a week, when the executives reveal their true identities, work to solve problems they uncovered and reward the employees who unwittingly proved their sincerity and commitment to the company's success.

Rising in vigorous defense of the nation-state of the Jewish people, distinguished Harvard Law School professor

For the first time ever, WWE counts down the most intense rivalries of all time. With segments narrated by a different WWE or mainstream personality, each rivalry takes on a life of its own as fans get an inside take on their favorite showdowns.


This exuberant documentary celebrates the Freddy Awards, a televised high school musical theater competition held every year in Lehigh Valley, Penn. The enthusiasm and creativity demonstrated by the featured theater troupes surprise and inspire.
Chris spends his days smoking crack at his remote forest cabin until his friend Michael arrives, planning to hold him hostage until he's clean. But Michael's determination is tested by hostile strangers and a series of unexplained, terrifying events.
Fantasy football tackles reality in this semi-scripted look at a group of longtime friends whose annual hobby gives them an excuse to get together and escape their everyday lives in a blitz of trash-talking, deceit and ruthless extortion.
Dreamlike vignettes blend biographical and fictionalized elements to present pivotal moments in James Dean's short yet remarkable life, focusing on his experiences as a rising star in Los Angeles circa 1951.
Focusing on a group of women working in a Canadian munitions factory during World War II, this ensemble drama depicts the dangers and new experiences they face. While drawn from diverse backgrounds, the women soon form strong bonds with their peers.


In this lively African-American comedy, a delightfully dysfunctional family settles their differences after a series of hilarious misadventures surrounding their annual summer family reunion.
After deferring college to tend to her ailing dad, Sunny gets stuck working at the local bowling alley, until a high school acquaintance turns up and disrupts her routine. Soon Sunny realizes that the future extends well beyond the shoe counter.

Reflecting on his fortune and downfall while awaiting sentencing and under house arrest, attorney and white-collar criminal



After his family is brutalized, a Shaolin warrior is hired as a Triad hit man to track down a massive drug shipment and blow away anyone in his path. Though he has high-tech firearms at his disposal, his best weapon is his ancient fighting technique.
Sidelined by an injury incurred while protecting his brother, underground fighter Charlie feels betrayed when he finds his wife having sex with his sibling. Fueled by rage, Charlie plans to return to the ring to fight his brother to the death.
Soon after returning to his native Oklahoma with a beautiful woman he met in Paris, Neil finds himself drifting toward an old friend. Meanwhile, the woman he brought back with him has unfinished business with her first husband.
Medical student Mary Mason is becoming dissatisfied with her path in life, mostly because she's piling up massive debt. But when she's offered a lucrative opportunity to get involved in extreme body-modification surgeries, she jumps at the chance.
Replete with long-form stories of family life, how he really got started as a comedian and his love of 1980s metal,

Gabe the dog's happy life is turned upside down by his owner Eric's plan to move to England. Facing six months in quarantine, Gabe plays "Cupid Dog" to make Eric fall in love with girl-next-door Sara to keep him in America. When his plan starts to unravel, Gabe must go to extraordinary lengths to get Eric and Sara to tie the "leash".
This only-in-Hollywood comedy traces the dilemma faced by aspiring filmmaker Sam Baum when a red-hot actress pursues the lead role in his next film. Sam's big break is also a big problem, since he's already promised the role to his girlfriend.
The working-class hero of Chelsea Lately's Roundtable is all dressed up for an all-new 70 minutes of adorable profanity!
Ethan, Benny and fledgling vampire Sarah battle zombies, demons and the other supernatural beasties that regularly threaten their school. Every showdown calls on Ethan's psychic ability, Benny's spellcasting skills and undead Sarah's growing powers.
When their parents head out for the evening, Ethan and his little sister get the babysitter of their nightmares: a fledgling vampire named Sarah. Before the night ends, Ethan will have to save his neighborhood from a growing army of the undead!
Ethan, Benny and fledgling vampire Sarah battle zombies, demons and the other supernatural beasties that regularly threaten their school. Every showdown calls on Ethan's psychic ability, Benny's spellcasting skills and undead Sarah's growing powers.
A dim American tourist traveling in Chile convinces three attractive young women to accompany him and his friends to party in a coastal city, but the fun stops when a major earthquake devastates the area and they must fight for survival.
A philandering reality-TV producer sleeps with a woman who turns out to be his stalker. She then kidnaps him, holds him hostage and humiliates him, recording every moment on camera for her own twisted reality show.
Ethan, Benny and fledgling vampire Sarah battle zombies, demons and the other supernatural beasties that regularly threaten their school. Every showdown calls on Ethan's psychic ability, Benny's spellcasting skills and undead Sarah's growing powers.
In his new comedy-drama series about people living on the sidelines of life, creator
In just one week, fiery chef
In just one week, fiery chef
In just one week, fiery chef
In just one week, fiery chef
In just one week, fiery chef
In just one week, fiery chef


"Family Guy" creator
Will is struggling at his law firm, and his heart isn't in his work. But one day, everything changes. Will's father dies, and he inherits half a house, guardianship of his half sister and a greyhound racing dog with an unpredictable trainer.
When the Belfast police are stalled in their investigation of a spate of murders, Detective Superintendent Stella Gibson is drafted to investigate. Under her lead, the team uncovers an intricate web of lives entangled by the killings.

After retreating to the woods near her hometown for inspiration, a musician reunites with some longtime friends and a former beau, only to learn that they have company: a psychopathic killer with an ax.
In Justin's dreams, he and his imaginary friends Olive and Squidgy travel around the world learning about nature and other cultures. Together, they sail the high seas, go tracking in the Austrailian Outback and more.
In this animated Disney adventure, South American emperor Kuzco experiences a reversal of fortune when his power-hungry adviser Yzma turns him into a llama. Exiled to the wilderness, Kuzco turns to kindly villager Pacha for help.
A lonely Hawaiian girl named Lilo -- who's being raised by her older sister after their parents die -- adopts a funny-looking dog and names him "Stitch," not realizing her new best friend is, in fact, a wacky alien created by a mad scientist.
Knowing he's not alone in the universe, Stitch, also known as Experiment 626, is joined by Lilo, Pleakley and Jumba as he sets out to free the other 625 alien experiments (including a lazy sandwich maker and an electrical havoc-wreaker).
Just as rowdy alien Stitch begins settling in with his new adopted family, he suddenly goes haywire: It seems his molecular structure is off-kilter, restoring his destructive behavior. Can plucky island girl Lilo find a way to set things right?
Kronk, the sorceress Yzma's bodybuilder assistant, grabs the spotlight in this animated sequel. Mischief and mayhem take over when Kronk finds out that his father is coming to visit, and as he tries to win Dad's approval, he leaves no stone unturned.
When the evil Dr. Hamsterviel forces Dr. Jumba to create Stitch's evil twin -- a creature he dubs Leroy -- and uses it to clone a mesmerizing army of fake Stitches, it's up to Lilo to reunite the gang and save the day.
Strawberry Shortcake and pals Orange Blossom, Ginger Snap, Angel Cake and Pupcake travel to the Land of Dreams. Their juicy mission is to stop the greedy Peculiar Purple Pieman from stealing all the dreams in Strawberryland.
In Victorian London, 12-year-old business magnate Ciel Phantomhive thwarts dangers to the queen as he's watched over by his demon butler, Sebastian. In exchange for Ciel's soul, Sebastian will help him track down the villains who killed his parents.

When a government experiment to harness the sun's power goes horribly awry and sends a massive fireball hurtling toward Earth, it's up to a renegade scientist to save the planet by reversing the cataclysm -- against seemingly impossible odds.

The beat starts to rise, a sea of hands fills the air, the crowd surges....Welcome to the world's most dynamic new music scene. Buckle up for an energetic ride as
When a government experiment to harness the sun's power goes horribly awry and sends a massive fireball hurtling toward Earth, it's up to a renegade scientist to save the planet by reversing the cataclysm -- against seemingly impossible odds.
This gripping documentary from directors
In this fascinating reflection on transformation and life choices, filmmaker
In sub-Saharan Africa, 12-year-old Komona is kidnapped by rebel soldiers who force her to kill her parents and join their ranks. Over the next two years, Komona clings to life despite her horrific experiences and tries to pacify her parents' ghosts.
Due to economic recession, a growing number of people are finding themselves in a position they never imagined: homeless. Nearly 100 homeless individuals have formed Nashville's Tent City, which is located under a bridge close to the city's center.
Before Stern, Imus or Limbaugh, there was
In this animated sci-fi tale set in the 29th century, two female musicians fall in love and try to form a successful band as they fight for freedom in a world of space pirates, indentured slaves and genetic mutations.
This drama series follows the emotional ups and downs of four women and one man, each married to a soldier and living on an army base where they contend with infidelity, PTSD, their spouses's long deployments and other heartaches.
When a series of volcanic eruptions rips through Europe, the subsequent ash cloud blocks out the sun. As the continent plunges into a new ice age, an American couple must find their college-aged kids and get them out of Paris before it freezes over.
The brutal 1892 hatchet murders of the infamous Lizzie Borden acquittal come alive when present-day Lizzie Allen moves back into her childhood home. Suffering from amnesia, she struggles to uncover the mysteries of her youth -- and the distant past.

As part of Fringe Division, eager young FBI agent Olivia Dunham uses experimental science to unravel the layers of mystery surrounding a series of dangerous -- and escalating -- paranormal events called the Pattern.


Three diverse perspectives on love and relationships are examined in this ensemble sitcom about longtime married couple Jeff and Audrey, the newly engaged Adam and Jennifer, and cynical bachelor Russell.

G
Inspired by Stephen King's The Colorado Kid, this creepy series is set in Haven, Maine, where residents are plagued by supernatural afflictions. FBI agent Audrey Parker feels connected to this place and delves into her own past to discover the truth.
Inspired by Stephen King's The Colorado Kid, this creepy series is set in Haven, Maine, where residents are plagued by supernatural afflictions. FBI agent Audrey Parker feels connected to this place and delves into her own past to discover the truth.
Inspired by Stephen King's The Colorado Kid, this creepy series is set in Haven, Maine, where residents are plagued by supernatural afflictions. FBI agent Audrey Parker feels connected to this place and delves into her own past to discover the truth.
Inspired by Stephen King's The Colorado Kid, this creepy series is set in Haven, Maine, where residents are plagued by supernatural afflictions. FBI agent Audrey Parker feels connected to this place and delves into her own past to discover the truth.
Boldly taking on controversial teen topics such as drug use and mental illness, this incisive series centers on the tense lives of a group of hormonal teenagers as the friends and wannabe lovers weather their final two years of school.
Bearding is a sport of growing, grooming and presenting facial hair. With competitors all over the world, Beard Team USA hopes to stage an upset at the World Championship Competition in Norway and bring home the World title.
In the waning days of apartheid, privileged Afrikaner Gerrit Wolfaardt concocts a plot to rid South Africa of all blacks once and for all. But a chance meeting with a pastor and an idealistic student forces Gerrit to re-evaluate his ideas.
This semiautobiographical drama chronicles the caustic relationship between gay teenager Hubert and his overburdened mother Chantale, who grapple with the notion that although they can't seem to live together, they're not sure they can live apart.
This engrossing documentary reveals the film industry's effect on the experiences of North American native people in the United States and Canada, who've been depicted in movies in a variety of ways -- many of them wildly inaccurate.
Filmed in his native New Zealand, this comedy from writer-director
Having developed a taste for the adrenaline that comes from the thrill of the chase, Austrian marathon runner Johann Rettenberger (
Track the rise and fall of Romanian dictator
A poetry-writing class inspires serenely self-possessed grandmother Mija (
In a bungled plot to pay back her husband's infidelity, a jilted wife finds herself forced to star as King Lear in a spectacularly terrible production, with her husband's younger lover playing the role of the king's fool.
Documentarian
When corporate figurehead Stanislas Graff is kidnapped and held for an absurd ransom of 50 million Euros, the police and powerful business he represents are forced to debate whether one man's life is worth that much money.
Featuring interviews with some of NASCAR's most popular personalities, this hourlong documentary looks at various facets of the sport, including the spiritual side of many drivers inspired by teamwork, family and faith -- on and off the track.

Oscar-winning composer Giorgio Moroder's labor of love restores

This gritty crime drama set in the dark underbelly of Paris follows police captain Laure Berthaud, her two lieutenants, a judge, a prosecutor and a lawyer as they investigate and prosecute crimes.

Urban comic
When an army recruit is found dead during a routine march at exactly 23:59, his fellow soldiers are forced to confront the terrifying secret that's haunting their jungle island training camp.
Based on a true story and set in 1950s and '60s Bangkok, this Thai crime drama tells the tale of Jod, a promising young gangster moving through the ranks of the city's mafia as he battles for turf against rival gangs and the Chinese triads.
Trapped deep underground amid twisted wreckage after a terrorist bomb derails their subway train, a handful of surviving commuters discovers a second bomb ready to detonate -- and that the saboteur may still be among them.
In this taut chiller, a beleaguered high school teacher's worst nightmare becomes reality when a gang of hooded youths terrorizes the faculty and students after hours, looking to carry out a homicidal vendetta.






Writer-director


Qiaofei is a relic expert with a gritty past. When his mentor's daughter is held hostage over a map with a deadly history, the rugged warrior whips into action. Chaos erupts as he swoops in to the rescue and scours the sands for legendary riches.
Unemployed 22-year-old conspiracy theorist Satou Tatsuhiro rarely leaves his apartment, relying on an allowance from his parents and venturing out only at night. But when quirky young Misaki comes to his door, she claims she can help the recluse. Soon, the two begin a series of odd psychological lessons in the local park aimed at reconnecting Satou with the world. This anime adaptation is based on Tatsuhiko Takimoto's novel and manga series.
Unemployed 22-year-old conspiracy theorist Satou Tatsuhiro rarely leaves his apartment, relying on an allowance from his parents and venturing out only at night. But when quirky young Misaki comes to his door, she claims she can help the recluse. Soon, the two begin a series of odd psychological lessons in the local park aimed at reconnecting Satou with the world. This anime adaptation is based on Tatsuhiko Takimoto's novel and manga series.
Set in the 1950s, this period drama based on the memoirs of Jennifer Worth follows new midwife Jenny Lee and the other midwives and nuns working in a nursing convent in an impoverished section of London's East End.
Former U.S. Treasury Secretary







This dark crime drama stars
This dark crime drama stars
This dark crime drama stars

Longtime hit man Lou Marazano (
This intimate adaptation of acclaimed novelist Christopher Isherwood's memoir conjures the young explorer's 1931 arrival, with poet W.H. Auden, on Berlin's decadent cabaret scene, along with the hearts he gained and lost in that anything-goes era.
Kids say -- and do -- the darndest things in this instructive reality series that sends British nannies into unruly American homes to lay down the law. But, more often than not, the parents need just as much discipline as the children.
Kids say -- and do -- the darndest things in this instructive reality series that sends British nannies into unruly American homes to lay down the law. But, more often than not, the parents need just as much discipline as the children.
Kids say -- and do -- the darndest things in this instructive reality series that sends British nannies into unruly American homes to lay down the law. But, more often than not, the parents need just as much discipline as the children.
Kids say -- and do -- the darndest things in this instructive reality series that sends British nannies into unruly American homes to lay down the law. But, more often than not, the parents need just as much discipline as the children.
Inspector Morse has an abundance of intellect, but not much patience when it comes to his superiors or low-brow culture. Along with his cheerful sergeant, Lewis, Morse tackles the most devious crimes found in the diverse community of Oxford.
Inspector Morse has an abundance of intellect, but not much patience when it comes to his superiors or low-brow culture. Along with his cheerful sergeant, Lewis, Morse tackles the most devious crimes found in the diverse community of Oxford.
Inspector Morse has an abundance of intellect, but not much patience when it comes to his superiors or low-brow culture. Along with his cheerful sergeant, Lewis, Morse tackles the most devious crimes found in the diverse community of Oxford.
Inspector Morse has an abundance of intellect, but not much patience when it comes to his superiors or low-brow culture. Along with his cheerful sergeant, Lewis, Morse tackles the most devious crimes found in the diverse community of Oxford.
Inspector Morse has an abundance of intellect, but not much patience when it comes to his superiors or low-brow culture. Along with his cheerful sergeant, Lewis, Morse tackles the most devious crimes found in the diverse community of Oxford.
Young and heartbroken, a New Yorker travels to Paris to escape his romantic woes but soon falls into another all-consuming attraction. Hopelessly smitten with a young prostitute, he finds himself drawn into her dark and alien world.
This intimate journey takes an unflinching look into the life of

Two talented graffiti artists from the Bronx are stung when a rival outfit covers their own illustration with a portrait of the Mets' Home Run Apple. They turn their outrage into a daring plan to tag the real Home Run Apple at the Mets ballpark.
While driving through a remote part of Israel, a closeted gay doctor crosses paths with a group of soldiers who inspire him to live life in the open.
This dark crime drama stars
This smart sitcom revolves around Jessica Day, a socially awkward schoolteacher who's still trying to rebound from a recent breakup when she moves in with three single guys, all ready to help her understand the ways of the world.

Growing up in the wake of France's civil crisis of May 1968, Gilles and his teen friends are determined to sustain the partisan passions of that era. But now it's 1971, and Gilles is also beginning to think more about his other aspirations in life.
In this stylized and operatic costume drama, Lee Byung-hun stars as the temperamental and autocratic king and as an actor conscripted into replacing the ruler when he is seized by nightmares of assassination attempts and coups d'etat.
This feature-length documentary explores the life and influence of
Modern-day underworld characters Nidge and John Boy wrestle for control of Dublin's illicit drug trade in this forceful crime drama that takes off as Darren returns to Ireland from Spain, only to see his brother Robbie killed in a drive-by shooting.
Modern-day underworld characters Nidge and John Boy wrestle for control of Dublin's illicit drug trade in this forceful crime drama that takes off as Darren returns to Ireland from Spain, only to see his brother Robbie killed in a drive-by shooting.
Modern-day underworld characters Nidge and John Boy wrestle for control of Dublin's illicit drug trade in this forceful crime drama that takes off as Darren returns to Ireland from Spain, only to see his brother Robbie killed in a drive-by shooting.
Modern-day underworld characters Nidge and John Boy wrestle for control of Dublin's illicit drug trade in this forceful crime drama that takes off as Darren returns to Ireland from Spain, only to see his brother Robbie killed in a drive-by shooting.
Network-safe funnyman
Filmmaker friends Mark and Andy investigate the legend of Typhoid Mary, a girl who was locked up in an insane asylum that was believed to be haunted. But bad things start to happen after Andy's fiance conducts a sance to summon Mary's spirit.
Pothead brothers Marion and Jarmon Mugg inherit an apartment building, unaware that a ravenous monster lives in the basement. Between puffs of mushroom-laced weed, they must find a way to keep the beast from eating the tenants!
Powerful tycoon Vikrant is forced to participate in a dangerous scavenger hunt when the daughter he hasn't seen in eight years is kidnapped by a mysterious stranger, who's threatening to kill her.
Collette, a single mother and career IRA terrorist, is captured after an abortive bombing in London and faces an excruciating ultimatum. She can either turn against her lifelong compatriots or go to prison and be separated forever from her son.
This documentary presents the musical saga of

Struggling to find a job, football fanatic Mike meets an old friend at a match and soon finds himself immersed in the world of credit card fraud, in which organized gangs draw hundreds of thousands of pounds from cash machines every night.
Emmy award winning talk show host
Uprooted by war, Alice tries to reshape her life in La Sirga, a decadent hostel on the shores of a lake in the Andes. There she tries to heal until new, unexpected threats emerge. Cannes Director's Fortnight.
In these never-before-seen adventures, Funshine travels to Earth to help a lonely tyke, and Cheer Bear fetes Surprise Bear with a bash in her honor. The DVD version includes a Spanish audio track and a special Care Bears party game.

When 13-year-old Sinikka goes missing from the same spot where another girl was murdered 23 years earlier, a retired investigator teams up with a younger colleague to unravel the parallel mysteries.
Adam lives on a poverty-stricken world, while Eden is from its affluent twin planet, and their love sparks an interplanetary incident. Social stigma, family and government forces work to keep them apart, but they'll stop at nothing to be together.
Nagasumi's in hot water after a cute mermaid, Sun, saves him from drowning: Her dad is prone to executing anyone who learns his family's scaly secret. Luckily, there's a catch: If Nagasumi agrees to marry Sun, he can avoid sleeping with the fishes!
Nagasumi's in hot water after a cute mermaid, Sun, saves him from drowning: Her dad is prone to executing anyone who learns his family's scaly secret. Luckily, there's a catch: If Nagasumi agrees to marry Sun, he can avoid sleeping with the fishes!
As a drummer and vocalist for The Band,
Capturing the combined creative spirit of more than 600 Chicago-area teenagers who are participating in what's billed as the world's largest youth poetry slam, this documentary highlights the joy of language and the power of collaboration.
Exploring various theories about hidden meanings in Stanley Kubrick's classic film The Shining, this fascinating documentary presents fans' and conspiracy theorists' ideas about messages regarding genocide, government conspiracy and history.
Award-winning filmmaker
Mike Baxter likes to think of himself as a man's man, but after his wife returns to work and her career takes off, he finds himself in charge of parenting their three lively daughters and trying to figure out how to stay afloat in all the estrogen.
Featuring interviews with disco legends and vintage clips from the glory days of polyester and strobe lights, this documentary theorizes that the maligned musical genre was more than a cultural phenomenon: It was an anthem for change.



In
G
When best friends Billy and Allie discover an ancient medallion, they also discover the power to wish themselves back in time. Now, the 13-year-olds face a crop of dangers, including the evil leader of the island to which they've been transported.
Scientists imagine all the possible characteristics of life forms on Darwin IV, a hypothetical planet 6.5 light years away from Earth. From hollow bodies to jet propulsion to luminescence, what does evolution hold in an entirely different ecosystem?
The Three Gorges Dam on the Yangtze River in China is the largest public works project in the history of mankind. Its size, scale and potential are unprecedented in engineering history. The dam is in its final stages of completion, but will it work?
This documentary takes a provocative look at the wide-ranging career of Pulitzer Prize-winning photographer
At the age of 9,
Follow the daily struggles of happily married high school sweethearts Jim Bob and
Follow the daily struggles of happily married high school sweethearts Jim Bob and
This reality series follows a family as they struggle to make their way in a world where size does matter -- especially when you're four feet tall. On their farm and in the world at large, Matt and Amy and their kids overcome everyday obstacles.
In this reality series, husband and wife
Follow the daily struggles of happily married high school sweethearts Jim Bob and
In Sin City, it takes a little flash to stand out from the crowd. Though defense attorneys Pete Kaczmarek and Nick Morelli couldn't be more different, they aren't above a little razzle-dazzle in the courtroom if it will help a client.
Test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test test
Elephants Dreamis the story of two strange characters exploring a capricious and seemingly infinite machine. The elder, Proog, acts as a tour-guide and protector, happily showing off the sights and dangers of the machine to his initially curious but increasingly skeptical protege Emo. As their journey unfolds we discover signs that the machine is not all Proog thinks it is, and his guiding takes on a more desperate aspect.
In Sin City, it takes a little flash to stand out from the crowd. Though defense attorneys Pete Kaczmarek and Nick Morelli couldn't be more different, they aren't above a little razzle-dazzle in the courtroom if it will help a client.
Written and directed by comic
In this reality series, husband and wife
Brothers Robert and
Mike Baxter likes to think of himself as a man's man, but after his wife returns to work and her career takes off, he finds himself in charge of parenting their three lively daughters and trying to figure out how to stay afloat in all the estrogen.
Brothers Robert and
Mike Baxter likes to think of himself as a man's man, but after his wife returns to work and her career takes off, he finds himself in charge of parenting their three lively daughters and trying to figure out how to stay afloat in all the estrogen.
Follow the daily struggles of happily married high school sweethearts Jim Bob and
When summer melts the glacial ice around Nome, Alaska, treasure seekers arrive in droves to try to dredge up gold deposits from the bottom of the Bering Sea. But only the toughest will prevail, and the harsh conditions cause confrontations to flare.
When summer melts the glacial ice around Nome, Alaska, treasure seekers arrive in droves to try to dredge up gold deposits from the bottom of the Bering Sea. But only the toughest will prevail, and the harsh conditions cause confrontations to flare.
Follow the daily struggles of happily married high school sweethearts Jim Bob and
Written and directed by comic
This documentary sheds light on a long-untold story of World War II: the 18-month sanctuary of 38 Jewish refugees in a Ukrainian cave. Five surviving members discuss their ordeal, as the film chronicles the accidental discovery of the cave in 1993.



Survival experts
A holiday in the woods turns into an ordeal for a family man who awakens in a shallow grave, suffering from amnesia. After emerging, he tries to figure out his identity and location -- all while eluding a machete-wielding madman who's stalking him.
Fearless hosts
After serving five years for killing his aunt, charming teen Danny Desai returns home to enroll in high school and reconnect with old friends. But he finds himself under suspicion when a new murder haunts his hometown.
After serving five years for killing his aunt, charming teen Danny Desai returns home to enroll in high school and reconnect with old friends. But he finds himself under suspicion when a new murder haunts his hometown.


This World War II thriller spins a tale of espionage aimed at stealing the secrets of Japan's most sophisticated encoding device, known as Red. Safecracker Eddie Doyle is persuaded to team up with Ellis Coburn, a naval officer with a dark past.
Alaska is bigger, badder and more dangerously unpredictable than any other place in the nation.  With America's highest mountains, most powerful earthquakes, fiercest wildlife, biggest waves, and cruelest winters, Alaska is raw unbridled nature.
Hardened men drive massive specialized vehicles where mere trucks could never go, deep into the frozen tundra of Alaska, north of the Arctic Circle, hauling fuel and freight to the treacherous edge of civilization.

December 21, 2012.  Doomsday fanatics claim that this is when life on Earth will come to an end.  But what does science have to say about this looming apocalypse?  What real threats could possibly bring about cataclysmic changes on Earth in 2012?
From small towns in the South to remote areas of the Pacific Northwest and Alaska, four eccentric but passionate sasquatch enthusiasts embark on one single-minded mission: to find the elusive creature known as Bigfoot.



Some people will take on any challenge when it comes to their Christmas trees -- from a three-story-tall tree in a private home to a towering "singing" Christmas tree that houses hundreds of carolers.
See real-life encounters as marine animals strike back against humans: a baby Great White bites the hand that tries to free it; a grown Great White marks its territory in a horrifying way; and a Killer Whale shows its trainer who's boss.
A massive facial tumor threatens to kill Jose Mestre. In search of a miracle, Jose and his sister Edith travel from Portugal to Chicago, where plastic surgeon Dr. McKay McKinnon attempts to perform lifesaving surgery.
At 673 pounds, Melissa Morris tames her life-threatening obesity with gastric bypass surgery -- but her recovery is filled with struggles of its own. The Texan mother must also deal with her condition's influence on her marriage and her self-esteem.
Two-year-old toddler Charlotte weighs just seven pounds, and she could have a rare form of primordial dwarfism. But until her family gets an official diagnosis, her parents don't know what treatment she needs.
Meet amazing 35-year-old Kenny Easterday, whose body ends at his waist. An amputee since he was only an infant, Kenny has never let his condition stop him from doing anything -- and as he approaches middle age, his deepest desire to father a child.
Weighing 800 pounds and a lifetime addict to food, Paul Mason is currently the world's fattest man. Follow along on his remarkable journey as Paul works with doctors and therapists to get thin and save his life.
Find out the real story behind the heroic Navy SEAL kill shots that freed Capt. Richard Phillips after a dramatic four-day Somali pirate siege. Experience the drama through stunning new footage of the actual rescue as it played out on the high seas.
Nearly a quarter of a ton of explosives are set to sink the Oriskany aircraft carrier during the world's largest non-military exercise to sink a ship. Bad weather, flooding, high tempers and grueling labor conditions threaten to halt the project.
In just three days in April 2011, over 300 tornadoes battered the U.S. in one of the most extreme weather events in history, killing hundreds and destroying nearly everything in their wake. Step into the eye of the storm with this sobering program.
The annual Sturgis Motorcycle Rally in Sturgis, S.D., is an icon in American culture. From death-defying stunt riding to the World Championship of Bike Building, you'll find it here at the mecca of motorcycles.
"Caught on tape" footage and eyewitness interviews reveal unbelievable brushes with nature in the rugged Alaskan landscape. With 50 million acres of wilderness, the coldest winters and the darkest days, the state truly is America's last frontier.
We live in a world where we are being constantly watched and monitored. What would it take to wipe the slate clean and live a life free of "Big Brother?" Security expert Aton Edwards takes an trip off the grid and under the radar to find out.
Travel the waters of the world to meet people who have survived harrowing encounters with some of the world's most combative fish. Each story includes  footage of the actual events, videos captured in the field and expert analysis.
Captive and wild animals rebel in these real-life encounters caught on tape: a bull leaps into the spectator stands, a "gator handler" nearly loses his hand, an escaped chimpanzee terrorizes a neighborhood and a rodeo bull almost kills a bull rider.
Experience an intimate account of the Osama bin Laden operation, from crucial intelligence gathering to the burial at sea. Explore the details of how the operation was planned and executed, and see through the eyes of the highly trained SEAL Team 6.
On March 23, 2008, the
Experience Japan's earthquake and tsunami through footage and first person accounts. Understand the physics of this latest Ring of Fire cataclysm, as scientists explore whether the Pacific Northwest of the U.S. could be next.
Could Alaska's uninhabited frontier be hiding monsters and mysteries? Eyewitnesses tell stories of their encounters with the unknown -- from Bigfoot to lake monsters to UFOs -- all under the scrutiny of a microexpressions expert.
At over 7 feet tall and weighing nearly a ton, the moose is one of the largest land animals in North America. As towns and cities expand into moose habitat, these powerful and aggressive creatures are coming into dangerous contact with people.
Wild pigs are reproducing at an alarming rate in the United States. But it's not only their numbers that are increasing; the animals themselves are also getting bigger -- and they're becoming more aggressive.
For three decades, the elite government operatives of SEAL Team 6 have existed under the radar, but now, their cover is blown. Discover the classified information the government doesn't want to reveal and learn the secrets of these extreme warriors.
"Secrets of the Secret Service" is a no-holds-barred investigation of America's most mysterious law enforcement agency. Classified technology, secret strategies, deception and human courage combine to provide the best protection possible.
Adults and kids who are coping with weight control issues discuss size acceptance, discrimination and more as they share their pain and joy in touching stories about their personal daily challenges. Experts shed light on risks and resolutions.
A fatal attack on a young girl in Darwin, Australia, ignites a fear of saltwater crocodiles. With attacks on the rise in the region, in areas once deemed safe for swimming, crocodile expert Adam Britton investigates the source of the recent invasion.
Via evacuation footage and interviews with maritime experts and survivors, this absorbing documentary looks into what went wrong on Jan. 13, 2012, when the luxury liner Costa Concordia ran aground off the Italian coast, costing 32 people their lives.
Sometimes deadly, sometimes catastrophic, always compelling: These are the biggest and baddest explosions ever caught on video. From gas stations to tanker trucks to rockets, learn what makes these colossal explosions tick.
Thanks to pressure from the War on Drugs, the world of drug smuggling has fundamentally changed. Today's cartels now think and act like corporatations, ever vigilant for the next big idea and going to extremes to expand their markets.
Join FBI investigators on the hunt for today's 10 Most Wanted: serial killers, mobsters, terrorists and career criminals who are at large and poised to strike again. Find out how you can help the feds get their man, and claim millions in rewards.
Highly social and highly deadly, orcas are the ocean's greatest predators -- and far more dangerous than their Sea World training may suggest. This documentary explores the fierce behaviors of the killer whale in the wild.


In a short time, three people are mauled by a bear in the Anchorage area, and many more have dangerous close encounters. Could one aggressive bear be responsible for all these attacks? What is increasing the rate of bear-human urban encounters?
This expos dives deep to explore the 440,000 square miles of ocean below the infamous Bermuda Triangle, where freak waves, magnetic anomalies, giant whirlpools and more have been blamed for mysterious plane and boat disappearances.










Shorty, a workaholic with a devilish sense of humor and quick temper, balances two jobs -- running Shortywood Productions, a Hollywood talent management company for little people, as well as Shorty's Rescue, his pit bull rescue.







Hurricane Katrina brought destruction to the Gulf Coast, driving millions from their homes and causing over 1,000 deaths. Yet as local and national leaders stumbled, the world watched as a great American city fell apart.













Dreams come true at Manhattan's famous Kleinfeld Bridal boutique in this TLC reality series, which chronicles the daily retail drama as staff members bust their booties to accommodate clients' outsized expectations and oversized budgets. Demanding brides, bossy relatives, last-minute weight gains, outlandish requests and catfight-provoking sales guarantee that there's never a dull moment in this high-stakes salon.
Southern charm comes to this familiar series. Set in the nation's largest full-service bridal salon, viewers go behind the scenes at Bridal's by Lori to see what each bride goes through to find the perfect wedding dress.

Follow the daily struggles of happily married high school sweethearts Jim Bob and
In this reality series, husband and wife






TLC goes inside the lives of compulsive hoarders to explore the psychological obsession to accumulate and save everyday things. Each episode tells the stories of two hoarders struggling to battle the behavior that threatens to destroy their lives.



Dreams come true at Manhattan's famous Kleinfeld Bridal boutique in this TLC reality series, which chronicles the daily retail drama as staff members bust their booties to accommodate clients' outsized expectations and oversized budgets. Demanding brides, bossy relatives, last-minute weight gains, outlandish requests and catfight-provoking sales guarantee that there's never a dull moment in this high-stakes salon.
TLC goes inside the lives of compulsive hoarders to explore the psychological obsession to accumulate and save everyday things. Each episode tells the stories of two hoarders struggling to battle the behavior that threatens to destroy their lives.
Obscura in New York's East Village is renowned for having some of the most eccentric antique pieces found anywhere, plus with an assortment of unique patrons who are just as outlandish as the merchandise.

Master baker
Meet men and women who thought they were happily married until one day they uncovered secrets about their spouse...secrets that would unravel their peaceful lives and leave them asking: Who the Bleep Did I Marry?
Follow the daily struggles of happily married high school sweethearts Jim Bob and
Master baker
Brutality can emerge from even the closest community, as seen in this series that investigates violent murders that rocked small-town America. Gripping profiles of puzzling cases feature interviews, dramatizations and archival footage.
Murderers, drug dealers, bank robbers or jail escapees. The stories are different, but the motive is always the same: to stay out of prison. See what pushed these fugitives to their crimes, and how they changed their identities to evade the law.
This Investigation Discovery series explores the motives and methods of female murderers, delving deep into their psyches. While men are often driven by anger and impulse, women usually have more complex, long-term reasons to kill.
Murderers, drug dealers, bank robbers or jail escapees. The stories are different, but the motive is always the same: to stay out of prison. See what pushed these fugitives to their crimes, and how they changed their identities to evade the law.
This documentary series follows the harrowing, emotional stories of stalking victims and examines the twisted psychology of the people who relentlessly pursue them. A criminal psychologist provides insight into the obsessive behavior.
Brutality can emerge from even the closest community, as seen in this series that investigates violent murders that rocked small-town America. Gripping profiles of puzzling cases feature interviews, dramatizations and archival footage.
Each episode of this gritty investigative series highlights a notorious crime in a different city, exploring the community where the crime occurred, detailing how justice was served and offering a look at the aftermath.




From small towns in the South to remote areas of the Pacific Northwest and Alaska, four eccentric but passionate sasquatch enthusiasts embark on one single-minded mission: to find the elusive creature known as Bigfoot.









This TLC reality series pulls back the curtain on polygamist families, following the lives of

This reality series follows a family as they struggle to make their way in a world where size does matter -- especially when you're four feet tall. On their farm and in the world at large, Matt and Amy and their kids overcome everyday obstacles.
Determine whether a missing person has vanished voluntarily -- or become a victim of foul play -- in these gripping real-life cases. Experts examine evidence leading up to the disappearance, revealing sometimes tragic, sometimes uplifting outcomes.











Follow the daily struggles of happily married high school sweethearts Jim Bob and
Follow the daily struggles of happily married high school sweethearts Jim Bob and







Follow the daily struggles of happily married high school sweethearts Jim Bob and
Follow the daily struggles of happily married high school sweethearts Jim Bob and














Ron "Tater Salad" White has been "Drunk In Public". He tried to "Fix Stupid". No one argues that he has "Behavioral Problems", and now he is "A Little Unprofessional". With cigar in one hand and a glass of scotch in the other, the Grammy(R)-Nominated "Blue Collar Comedy Tour" alum delivers more than an hour of all new material with his signature, irreverent storytelling style and the best comedic timing in the business. Filmed live at the Paramount Theater in Austin, TX.



Trapped inside a school, Remi Panos and two of her students must find a way out of the building before giant cockroaches snuff them out. Unfortunately, the creatures can now mimic humans, making them an even more formidable foe.
Set in Jay and Silent Bob's Secret Stash comic book emporium, this unscripted series unveils the fanboy culture thriving in a neighborhood comics store. As employees vend various collectibles, customers reveal what makes fans of comic books tick.
In the wake of a zombie apocalypse that desolates the world as we know it, a group of survivors led by police officer Rick Grimes holds on to the hope of humanity by banding together to wage a never-ending fight for their own survival.
Kiera Cameron is a police officer in 2077 swept along when a gang of condemned terrorists escapes their sentences by traveling back in time to 2012. Before she can travel back home to the future, Kiera has to stop the escapees from altering the past.
A wealthy landowner (
Stranded in a cabin in the woods, Ash (
Eight people go on an expedition into the Congo, an expanse of Africa where the laws of nature have gone berserk. When the thrill-seekers, some with ulterior motives, stumble across a race of killer apes, they must fight their way out of the dark.
After losing their academic posts at a prestigious college, a team of parapsychologists creates a business exterminating ghouls, hobgoblins and supernatural pests -- and are soon hired by a cellist to purge her digs of a demon.
Police chief Marge Gunderson -- a serious sleuth who's sharper than her folksy accent suggests -- is hot on the trail of a Minneapolis car dealer conspiring with two kidnappers to snatch his wife so he can pocket part of the hefty ransom.
Harry Ross (
Hoping to make a bundle in a high-stakes poker game, four shiftless lads from London's East End instead find themselves swimming in debt to underworld porn king "Hatchet" Harry -- and with only a week to repay him.
In 2025, a fiery solar flare threatens to burn the earth to a crisp. Now it's up to a small group of astronauts to drop a guided bomb onto the sun's surface and avert the looming Armageddon. But saving the planet is never an easy task -- and, this time, there's a saboteur among them.
In this period drama loosely based on Jane Austen's most autobiographical novel, penniless heroine Fanny Price is sent to live with wealthy relatives in 1800s England, where her wit and writing talent find the room -- and circumstance -- to grow.

After graduating from high school, Dave Stohler dreams of becoming a champion bicyclist. Posing as an exchange student to mask his working-class roots, he frustrates his parents and charms a local college girl.
Navy engineer Jake Holman (
This sequel picks up where the original film left off, with narcotics officer Jimmy "Popeye" Doyle still searching for elusive drug kingpin Charnier. Orders from the captain send Doyle to Marseilles, France, to track down the criminal mastermind.
Directed by
When a virus leaks from a top-secret industrial facility, turning all resident researchers into ravenous zombies and their lab animals into mutated hounds from hell, the government sends in an elite military task force to contain the outbreak.
Trash-TV maven Chuck Barris has it all -- the hit series "The Gong Show" and the love of a good woman. But he also has a big, dark secret: He's a CIA assassin who kills while purportedly escorting his game show winners on their vacation prizes.
Set in the early 1900s, this drama series follows the Bellamy family, who reside upstairs in their posh London townhouse, as they and their downstairs-dwelling servants are buffeted by intrigue, ill-fated romances, tragedies at sea and a world war.
Charlie Croker is a clever thief who masterminds a major heist amid the waterways of Venice, Italy -- but a betrayal by one of his own spells disaster. Returning to Los Angeles without the stash, Croker reassembles his crew and plots revenge.
Set in the early 1900s, this drama series follows the Bellamy family, who reside upstairs in their posh London townhouse, as they and their downstairs-dwelling servants are buffeted by intrigue, ill-fated romances, tragedies at sea and a world war.
Set in the early 1900s, this drama series follows the Bellamy family, who reside upstairs in their posh London townhouse, as they and their downstairs-dwelling servants are buffeted by intrigue, ill-fated romances, tragedies at sea and a world war.
Set in the early 1900s, this drama series follows the Bellamy family, who reside upstairs in their posh London townhouse, as they and their downstairs-dwelling servants are buffeted by intrigue, ill-fated romances, tragedies at sea and a world war.
Set in the early 1900s, this drama series follows the Bellamy family, who reside upstairs in their posh London townhouse, as they and their downstairs-dwelling servants are buffeted by intrigue, ill-fated romances, tragedies at sea and a world war.
As political turmoil rumbles through Russia, Doctor Zhivago is trapped in a love triangle between his wife and his mistress. Meanwhile, the Bolshevik Revolution will change all their lives forever in this miniseries remake of the classic 1965 film.
Moved by the pleas of a doctor and international humanitarian, wealthy socialite Sarah joins him in Ethiopia to help suffering people and romance ensues. Sarah returns home to her husband, but reunites with Nick over time in various exotic locations.
In the near future, when a technology corporation has created a method for traveling into the past, a history professor gets trapped in 1357 France, prompting his students and son to travel back in time and face untold perils to rescue him.
Fresh out of a long stint in prison, New York drug lord Frank White is determined to gather his crew and get back to the top of the empire. White aims to give back charitably to the city, but his release angers the cops, who are intent to stop him.
Jane Tennison, a London homicide detective, finds her perps in the highest echelons of power while combating entrenched sexism on the job, trying to manage a rocky personal life and overcome her own self-doubts.
Jane Tennison, a London homicide detective, finds her perps in the highest echelons of power while combating entrenched sexism on the job, trying to manage a rocky personal life and overcome her own self-doubts.
Jane Tennison, a London homicide detective, finds her perps in the highest echelons of power while combating entrenched sexism on the job, trying to manage a rocky personal life and overcome her own self-doubts.
The only thing that siblings Hallie and Ethan are hoping they get for Christmas is the reconciliation of their divorced parents, and they're convinced that all it will take is getting Mom and Dad in the same room at the same time.
After shooting a woman and driving off in her car, a ruthless thug is surprised to discover he isn't alone, kept company by a crying infant in the backseat. But through his efforts to care for the baby, he slowly rediscovers his capacity to love.
After airing an outspoken report on domestic violence, anchorwoman Deborah Ballin (

After a prominent judge's daughter dies from taking contaminated Ecstasy, the ensuing political scandal brings a world of grief to the city's street dealers in this gritty actioner. Under threat of being shut down, the city's top two rival dealers must work together to unearth the source of the tainted drug -- or take the fall themselves.
In this anime, a nameless hero in command of a secret human weapon arises from the ashes of the fallen Jushin empire to defend the people from zombies, cannibals and beasts at the command of the evil dictator who destroyed their master. The lone remnant from a forgotten warrior class, he is the last of the legendary Amen Osa, the Phantom Masters of Jushin. To avenge his lost world, he intends to wield his human blade of justice.
In Victorian-era Toronto, Inspector William Murdoch uses unconventional scientific methods to crack complex murder cases, including the deaths of a well-known attorney, a professional pugilist, a former theater owner and a prominent philanthropist.
In Victorian-era Toronto, Inspector William Murdoch uses unconventional scientific methods to crack complex murder cases, including the deaths of a well-known attorney, a professional pugilist, a former theater owner and a prominent philanthropist.
In hopes of silencing a waitress (
This black comedy is based on the true exploits of two 19th-century body snatchers. When Burke and Hare's business -- selling corpses to a medical college for dissection -- is hampered by a supply shortage, they're forced to take drastic measures.

In Victorian-era Toronto, Inspector William Murdoch uses unconventional scientific methods to crack complex murder cases, including the deaths of a well-known attorney, a professional pugilist, a former theater owner and a prominent philanthropist.

New decade, new outrageous laughs. "SNL" propels toward the future with sketches and skits featuring favorite cast members such as
When Midwesterner Pete Hammond Jr. moves to New York to become a jazz musician, he forms a tentative friendship with forlorn taxi dancer Peggy Brown, who encourages him to persevere despite the obstacles.
Director

Jane Tennison, a London homicide detective, finds her perps in the highest echelons of power while combating entrenched sexism on the job, trying to manage a rocky personal life and overcome her own self-doubts.
In Victorian-era Toronto, Inspector William Murdoch uses unconventional scientific methods to crack complex murder cases, including the deaths of a well-known attorney, a professional pugilist, a former theater owner and a prominent philanthropist.
Set in the early 1900s, this drama series follows the Bellamy family, who reside upstairs in their posh London townhouse, as they and their downstairs-dwelling servants are buffeted by intrigue, ill-fated romances, tragedies at sea and a world war.
As political turmoil rumbles through Russia, Doctor Zhivago is trapped in a love triangle between his wife and his mistress. Meanwhile, the Bolshevik Revolution will change all their lives forever in this miniseries remake of the classic 1965 film.



Born and raised in South Africa, entrepreneur
Follow the rise of
Vogue Editor-in-Chief
Raised in the projects of Brooklyn, Shawn Carter overcame a hardscrabble childhood and blossomed into rapper and mogul
"Game Changers" documents the birth of Google, founded by Sergey Brin and Larry Page while they were graduate students at Stanford University. The pair broke new ground not only in the realm of technology, but in the way the world does business.
Crippled by a sudden and inconvenient fear of blood, flashy surgeon Dr. Martin Ellingham abandons his bustling London practice and sets up shop as a country doctor in this medically minded British sitcom.





Four grown siblings juggle parenthood, relationships, careers and more as they cope with life's ups and downs in this family drama set in Berkeley, Calif. Meanwhile, their parents face an unraveling marriage and their own parenting challenges.
This coming-of-age chronicle captures a year in the life of students at the Los Angeles County High School for the Arts, also known as "Fame High" -- the alma mater of well-known alums like Josh Groban, Corbin Bleu, Anthony Anderson and Jenna Elfman.
This hit comedy series chronicles the daily foibles of office workers at the Dunder Mifflin paper company, where deluded boss Michael Scott attempts to shepherd his employees as a documentary film crew captures every wince-worthy moment.
This smartly crafted sitcom stars Emmy-winning series creator
This droll comedy focuses on Leslie Knope, a public employee with the Parks and Recreation department in rural Pawnee, Ind. Although Leslie is full of energy and good ideas for community improvements, she finds herself bogged down by bureaucracy.
This sitcom details desperate bachelor Ted's epic search for his soul mate, told through flashbacks as an adult Ted recounts to his kids how he met their mom. As Ted bounces from one red herring to another, his best friends help keep him grounded.
The residents of a historic building on Manhattan's Upper East Side can get anything they desire -- wealth, power, sex, love -- but a Faustian price will be exacted by a dark supernatural force.
The residents of a historic building on Manhattan's Upper East Side can get anything they desire -- wealth, power, sex, love -- but a Faustian price will be exacted by a dark supernatural force.
Jane Tennison, a London homicide detective, finds her perps in the highest echelons of power while combating entrenched sexism on the job, trying to manage a rocky personal life and overcome her own self-doubts.
Jane Tennison, a London homicide detective, finds her perps in the highest echelons of power while combating entrenched sexism on the job, trying to manage a rocky personal life and overcome her own self-doubts.

This piercing documentary examines the case of five teenagers, all African-American or Latino, who were convicted of the brutal rape of a white woman in Central Park in 1989. Years later, the confession of the real rapist set the jailed men free.
Jane Tennison, a London homicide detective, finds her perps in the highest echelons of power while combating entrenched sexism on the job, trying to manage a rocky personal life and overcome her own self-doubts.
Little ones can learn a lot from George -- one of the most curious monkeys in all of children's literature -- in this Emmy Award-winning animated series that recounts his adventures with narration from
When ingnue Sanjana's sudden popularity threatens to shove her out of the spotlight, movie star Shanaya uses black magic in an attempt to derail her career. But Sanjana fights back, with the help of her lover, who used to be Shanaya's boyfriend.
After a discussion with his grandson hits close to home, Mayor Bob Revere, a decorated war veteran, embarks on a crusade to restore Christianity and patriotism to his increasingly secular town.
Tobias, Mary and Sakuya are way into the "The World." Together, they form an inseparable group, but when the trio becomes lost in this virtual labyrinth, a chance encounter with the mysterious entity known as Hermit will change their lives forever.
Explore the world of competitive snowboarding through the experiences of record-breaking snowboarder

Tobias, Mary and Sakuya are way into the "The World." Together, they form an inseparable group, but when the trio becomes lost in this virtual labyrinth, a chance encounter with the mysterious entity known as Hermit will change their lives forever.

When major surgery leaves her feeling isolated and alone, Emmy Award-winning filmmaker
Banished to Earth, intergalactic bad boy Johnny X and his gang of goons soon get embroiled in a wacky scheme involving a femme fatale, a shifty concert promoter and a dead musician who won't let a little decomposition keep him from rockin'.
Behind every Shakespeare play there is a story of its conception, its staging and its influence over the centuries. Combining history, analysis and performance, this series explores six of his greatest works and how they helped shape modern theater.
Behind every Shakespeare play there is a story of its conception, its staging and its influence over the centuries. Combining history, analysis and performance, this series explores six of his greatest works and how they helped shape modern theater.
An unparalleled cinematic experience, All.I.Can is a stunning exploratory essay that compares the challenges of big mountain skiing to the challenges of global climate change. Shot on 6 continents over 2 years, the world's best skiers deliver inspirational performances while ground-breaking cinematography expands our vision of the natural world. Journey through Morocco's majestic desert peaks, Greenland's icy fjords, Chile's volcanic craters, Alaskan spine walls, and more. Join the revolution and experience one of the most spectacular, captivating, and thought-provoking films ever created in the action sports genre.   Multi-award winning Directors




A country enriched by massive oil reserves, the United Arab Emirates seeks to position itself as a leader in a post-petroleum world. So they've built a zero-carbon, zero-waste urban center that uses a fraction of the power of a conventional city.
The Aquapod marine containment system is used for eco-friendly fish farming. / Volkswagen has the world's only LEED Platinum-certified auto plant. / Palomar Medical Center uses innovative architecture and design to maximize patient care.
MC10 is developing high-performance wearable electronics, such as a sticker that can measure vital signs. / Ekso Bionics' exoskeleton suit gives paraplegics the ability to walk. / Houze is producing homes that cost less to own, operate and maintain.
TechShop allows amateur inventors affordable access to expensive tools and technology. / A chef's invention has the potential to completely eliminate sugar from our diets. / Local Motors brings the concept of crowdsourcing to the automobile industry.
Known as the owner of the NBA's Dallas Mavericks,
For decades,
When Earvin "Magic" Johnson retired from the NBA after testing positive for HIV, the decorated basketball legend became a super-successful serial entrepreneur with a billion-dollar portfolio of popular franchises and real estate funds.
At Singularity University, the world's brightest minds gather to imagine how to improve the future. Dreamed up by revolutionary futurist Ray Kurzweil, the campus is a breeding ground for technological innovation and discovery across disciplines.
In Boston, iRobot founders and staff have gone on to help make the city a center of robotics innovation with dozens of top robotics startups. For instance, meet Baxter, a manufacturing robot intended to work with humans rather than replacing them.
Set in a racially charged university, DETERMINISM pinpoints on Alec, an alienated South Asian American college student who's run out of options.  Desperately trying to escape his fate, he unwittingly descends into a world of crime and violence.
When

In a depressed Texas town, British foreign exchange teacher Anna attempts to inject some life into her students by introducing them to soccer. Of course, they're terrible at first, but Anna and her football-hero assistant soon whip them into shape.
New Yorker Zoe Hart's dreams didn't involve patching up the locals in a tiny town in the Deep South, yet that's exactly where the fast-talking city girl finds herself when she ends up inheriting a medical practice in Bluebell, Ala.


Rude, crude and polarizing,
Trapped in adolescent bodies, feuding vampire brothers Stefan and Damon vie for the affection of captivating teenager Elena, who attempts to unravel the many dark secrets of her hometown of Mystic Falls.
Raised by their dad to fight supernatural forces, grown siblings Dean and Sam crisscross the country in their 1967 Chevy Impala, investigating paranormal activity and picking fights with deadly demons, ghosts and monsters.
Abandoning an ex-wife, a hateful son and a bored mistress, a discontented man fakes his own death and is reborn as Arthur Newman, golf pro. But his new identity is a non-starter until he meets a spirited woman who'll supercharge his reinvented life.
Thomas Jacobs can enter a person's mind and view their memories, until a freak accident leaves him trapped inside the mind of a criminal. For four years, Jacobs fights to break free, until he makes a desperate bargain with the convict's own thoughts.
Single politician Melissa has her life turned upside-down when she is made guardian of her niece, Lennox, and nephew, Ryder. She hires Joe, an unemployed stockbroker, as a live-in "manny" (male nanny) to help out, a job he hopes will be temporary.
New York bartender Ben unexpectedly becomes a parent when an ex-girlfriend drops off a baby girl for him to raise. But with lots of help from his mother and a childhood friend who secretly has a crush on him, he steps into the role of dad.
Depressed after getting dumped by her husband, a mother re-evaluates her life by way of observing her two sons as they come of age. When romance blossoms between one of her sons and the girl next door, she realizes the key to her happiness.
Jim's an average New Yorker with a well-paying job and a loving family, but when the economy crashes, he loses everything. Filled with rage, Jim snaps and goes to extreme lengths to seek revenge over what's been taken from him.
When a group of friends plays an amped-up game of Truth or Dare on New Year's Eve in London, their risky and sexy antics spin wildly out of control until someone winds up dead, with the calculating killer going to outrageous lengths to remain free.
The reaper, Railroad Jack, has no mercy when it comes to torturing and slaughtering anyone who meets his eye. When a group of teens sets out on a school field trip to learn about the industrial revolution, Jack has a different plan in mind for them.
Much to shy Kumar's dismay, sweet Ashwini falls head over heels for the smart and dashing George, while he is left pining for her affection. Enter the Love Doctor, Mokia, who has a strategy to help Kumar win the love of his life.


Following his ruin in the latest banking crisis, a self-made millionaire reluctantly re-unites with his estranged freewheeling brother to re-open the abandoned fish and chip shop they shared in their youth.
No stranger to the stand-up stage or late-night talk shows,
Three best friends set off on an adventurous road trip/bachelor party in Spain after one of them becomes engaged. Along the way, they learn some lessons about themselves and each other that will change them forever.
An R
In order to keep his promise to an aging kung fu master, Fu the Rabbit must venture out of the comfort of his kitchen and team up with Penny, a kung fu prodigy, on a heroic quest to save their kung fu academy.

Executive-produced by Jennifer Lopez, this offbeat drama follows an interracial lesbian couple -- one a police officer, the other a school vice principal -- and their multiethnic brood of biological, adopted and foster children.
Executive-produced by Jennifer Lopez, this offbeat drama follows an interracial lesbian couple -- one a police officer, the other a school vice principal -- and their multiethnic brood of biological, adopted and foster children.
From "flippers" and feathers to sequins and "sexy babies," this over-the-top TLC series captures the behind-the-scenes dramas of childhood beauty pageants ... and the cringe-worthy antics of hyper-passionate stage parents.
Narrated by
An NFL star becomes a sports commentator following a career-ending injury, and winds up in a twilight zone between love and hate after reconnecting with his childhood adversary. Trask Maxwell (
When childhood friends Nick and Dylan run out of money, they remember the story of a huge diamond buried under a church and plot to dig it up without getting thrown in jail. To disguise their efforts, they volunteer for work at the church, but something about the church and its people begin to affect them. The roller coaster of drama, comedy, adventure, and romance that ensues leads to the discovery of a whole different kind of treasure.
A fortysomething slacker's life is turned upside down when he learns that his many sperm donations have resulted in more than 500 children -- 100 of whom are now suing to meet their father, who's desperate to keep his identity a secret.
Branded a loser because of his tendency to fold under pressure, wimpy Minato Sahashi turns his life around after discovering he's an Ashikabi, a master whose genetic makeup lets him bond with and enhance the powers of lovely warriors called Sekirei.
In this twist on the classic fairy tale, Catherine Chandler, a New York City homicide detective, and Vincent, a veteran turned into a beast by a military experiment gone awry, become allies after they meet by chance.
In this twist on the classic fairy tale, Catherine Chandler, a New York City homicide detective, and Vincent, a veteran turned into a beast by a military experiment gone awry, become allies after they meet by chance.
Go behind the scenes with R
Known for his "WTF" podcast and hilarious appearances on late-night talk shows, comedian
A viral threat almost triggers a nuclear meltdown, giving reporter Jessica Taylor and her hacker friend Daniel an inside track on a grim reality: an artificial intelligence has become a conscious entity with the sole purpose of destroying the world.
A viral threat almost triggers a nuclear meltdown, giving reporter Jessica Taylor and her hacker friend Daniel an inside track on a grim reality: an artificial intelligence has become a conscious entity with the sole purpose of destroying the world.
Following three teenage boys who've left a polygamist sect over a 2-year period, filmmakers
When escaped serial killer Joe Carroll goes on a new killing spree, reclusive former FBI agent Ryan Hardy is called in, having captured Carroll nine years ago. Hardy soon discovers that Carroll has a loyal following of killers ready to terrorize.
After Midwesterner June moves to Manhattan and finds her dreams of city living dashed, her hopes are punctured further when she's swindled by her roommate, Chloe. Much to Chloe's surprise, June turns the tables, and a beautiful friendship begins.
After Midwesterner June moves to Manhattan and finds her dreams of city living dashed, her hopes are punctured further when she's swindled by her roommate, Chloe. Much to Chloe's surprise, June turns the tables, and a beautiful friendship begins.
In this spinoff of the 1990s series, aspiring actress Annie and her adopted brother, Dixon, deal with nonstop drama at their exclusive new high school, where tumultuous friendships and roller coaster romances rule.
Exploring the contrast between the world of Western-style beauty pageants and Hindu fundamentalism, The World Before Her delivers a provocative portrait of India, the role of women in its society and cultural conflicts during a key transitional era.
When escaped serial killer Joe Carroll goes on a new killing spree, reclusive former FBI agent Ryan Hardy is called in, having captured Carroll nine years ago. Hardy soon discovers that Carroll has a loyal following of killers ready to terrorize.
After Midwesterner June moves to Manhattan and finds her dreams of city living dashed, her hopes are punctured further when she's swindled by her roommate, Chloe. Much to Chloe's surprise, June turns the tables, and a beautiful friendship begins.

A fatal hit-and-run accident leaves a man with crushing guilt, a grieving wife with anger and a witness caught between the two. As tragedy connects the disparate lives of three people, each must come to terms with a new reality and one another.
Slacker Jimmy suddenly finds himself a father after a one-night stand with a murderer, but his eccentric family -- including his dim-bulb father, sarcastic mother and addled great-grandmother -- reluctantly pitches in to help with the new arrival.
Socially awkward forensic anthropologist Dr. Temperance "Bones" Brennan teams up with intuitive FBI agent Seeley Booth to investigate crimes that have left scant evidence behind: namely, the bones of the deceased.
Nick, who has Asperger's syndrome, struggles to carry on after the death of his brother Chaz. Their parents have their own problems coping with the loss, but Chaz's best friend takes Nick under his wing.
This wacky and surreal animated feature, adapted from the graphic novel of the same name, relates the saga of Rabbi Sfar and his eccentric companions. Setting out from Algiers, the group conducts a search for an elusive African tribe and its capital.
In a world contained in a painting, three races exist: the beautifully colored Alldunns, the incomplete Halfies and the only-outlined Sketchies. Yearning for completion, three friends go on a quest to find the artist so he can finish the painting.
With a distinctive style of storytelling,
Comedian
Comedian Simon Brodkin adopts his
An eye-popping cast stars in this sketch-comedy pastiche, the new millennium's take on classics such as The Kentucky Fried Movie. Stars from
This adaptation of the story of DC Comics' Green Arrow stars
This adaptation of the story of DC Comics' Green Arrow stars


At the command of the king, young Viking Prince Steinar goes in search of his brother, who had long ago been banished from the Norse kingdom. As his brutal warriors raid the towns of old Britain, Steinar pursues his quest through alien territory.
Looking to party, a night watchman invites his friends to the self-storage facility he works at for a wild night of girls and booze. As partiers start disappearing one-by-one, the survivors must outsmart a mastermind, whose horrifying plan is unfolding behind closed doors. Full of gore, suspense and terror, Self Storage is a twisted tale of survival with no way out.
The chilling saga of the young and psychotic Katie turns a new page, and the homicidal spirit she embodies claims a new gallery of victims. As the atmosphere goes from strange to stranger, a mysterious husband, wife and child move in down the block.
The waters are frigid, the swells are 30 feet and rising, and the risk of injury is ever present: Game's on for another season of this documentary series that follows the Dutch Harbor, Alaska, fishing fleet in its pursuit of "red and orange gold."


Picking up five years after the bloody events of Paranormal Activity 3, its chilling successor relates a new wave of mysterious suburban horrors. Soon after young Alex notices strange doings at the new neighbors' house, her curiosity turns to dread.
Murderers, drug dealers, bank robbers or jail escapees. The stories are different, but the motive is always the same: to stay out of prison. See what pushed these fugitives to their crimes, and how they changed their identities to evade the law.
Emmy winner
Jessie moves to the Big Apple to follow her dreams, and finds a job as a nanny for a high-profile family with four high-energy children. The kids are a challenge, but Jessie has smarts and sass ... and learns a few things herself along the way.
In this anime series, spunky high school student Ryoko and her friends form Otogi Bank, a social club that specializes in resolving issues for classmates using some rather aggressive tactics.
In this anime series, spunky high school student Ryoko and her friends form Otogi Bank, a social club that specializes in resolving issues for classmates using some rather aggressive tactics.
Unraveling clues left by his late grandfather, teenager Mickey Matson and his friends embark on a perilous journey in search of three magical objects that could change the Civil War's outcome if they fall into the hands of an evil cabal.

Riffing on relatable and shared experiences of race, ethnicity, and cultural stereotypes has made


One of the most notorious films of the 1980s still terrifies. Serial killer Henry serves as mentor to dim-witted fellow killer Otis and as the object of his sister's affections. Trouble is, Henry's heart is too hard for friendship to penetrate. Disturbing, chilling and full of knockout power, this cult classic includes a half-hour interview with writer-director
In this 1963 trilogy of chilling tales, a beautiful woman's ex-lover terrorizes her, a father returns home a vampire, and a ghost haunts a nurse. The vampire story stars the legendary
This Oscar-nominated drama tells the story of Daniel Dareus, a small-town boy who escaped his tiny village to become a famous conductor. A tragic mishap sends him back home in search of a fresh start, and he ends up leading the local choir

Award-winning filmmaker
In this animated fantasy, a girl named Bloom befriends a band of fairies called the Winx Club. Following them into the "Magical Dimension," Bloom uncovers secrets (and a few dangers) around every turn, including a few about her own mysterious past.
Deceptively adorable buck-toothed critters Giggles, Cuddles and all their forest-dwelling pals lose life and limb in one heinous, gory mishap after another in this gleefully twisted adult-oriented animated series.


Chile's answer to Bob Dylan, Violeta Parra brought folk to the masses. This dramatized biography combines her music and life into a unique pastiche. The result reveals Parra's conviction and passion as no conventional documentary could.
When criminals accidentally abduct the daughter of chauffeur Marlon Villar instead of the daughter of his longtime boss Manuel Chango, a corrupt Filipino politician, Marlon finds himself caught up in a nightmare of deception and betrayal.
In this high-gloss update of a 1980 slasher flick,
Capturing ordinary and extraordinary life events from around the globe over the course of one day -- October 10, 2010 -- this documentary explores the human experience in an attempt to answer the question, "Who are we?"
Blending a larger-than-life family story and a rock documentary, this film follows David, Bobby and
Four friends are kidnapped and brought to a decrepit house, where they're locked in a room with six strangers. They have 24 hours to mount an escape, but they must endure excruciating pain in order to win their freedom.

Kang-do, an enforcer for a loan shark in a destitute area of Seoul, is unrelentingly brutal in his collection of debts. But when a mysterious woman appears and claims that she is his mother, Kang-do finds himself developing a hunger for human warmth.
Deceptively adorable buck-toothed critters Giggles, Cuddles and all their forest-dwelling pals lose life and limb in one heinous, gory mishap after another in this gleefully twisted adult-oriented animated series.
A teacher arrives in a rough outback mining town, planning to stay overnight. But, as his one night stretches to five, he plunges toward his own destruction. The educated man is no more. What is left is a self-loathing man in a desolate wasteland.
In this animated fantasy, a girl named Bloom befriends a band of fairies called the Winx Club. Following them into the "Magical Dimension," Bloom uncovers secrets (and a few dangers) around every turn, including a few about her own mysterious past.
In this animated fantasy, a girl named Bloom befriends a band of fairies called the Winx Club. Following them into the "Magical Dimension," Bloom uncovers secrets (and a few dangers) around every turn, including a few about her own mysterious past.

Corey and his family grew up listening to their pastor preach about the importance of donating money to the church. But as the pastor's lifestyle becomes more flush, Corey becomes confused by the church's intentions -- and decides to investigate.
This provocative documentary examines the fate of TWA Flight 800 to Paris, France, which exploded in 1996 just minutes after takeoff from New York, and includes interviews with official investigators who claim that the catastrophe was no accident.
After witnessing firsthand the daily struggles women face, Sunday Banks assembles a support group to gather in friendship, love and faith. But when one member begins to veer from God's path, the ladies pool their resources to get her back on track.


Wedding photographers by day, black butch lesbian JJ and her white gay best friend Seb navigate London's queer street life, looking for love. But their friendship is tested when JJ starts spending more time with her new lover.



TANKED dunks viewers into the Las Vegas headquarters of the nation's largest aquarium company. Best friends and rivals
Ivan Olsen is plagued by bullies at school, pursued by a gang who fills his pants with water and taunted by his unsympathetic dad. Ivan can't believe his luck when a friendly witch mixes a potion that makes him "the best at everything" for one day.


In this edgy thriller, Det. Bowden (
Jeff's straight-and-narrow life changes abruptly when his buddies take him out for a 21st birthday bash designed to make up for lost time -- the night before a crucial med school interview.
This medical drama follows the ups and downs of Dr. Emily Owens, a klutz who's fresh out of med school and excited to work as a hospital intern -- only to find that there's not much difference between working in a hospital and life in high school.
This medical drama follows the ups and downs of Dr. Emily Owens, a klutz who's fresh out of med school and excited to work as a hospital intern -- only to find that there's not much difference between working in a hospital and life in high school.
Fresh from college and eager to explore Europe, Charlie takes a leap of faith and arrives in Italy without plans, friends or a place to stay. However, after his money is stolen and his father (
When he's posted to a provincial town, policeman Dev goes after the local thugs, with dire consequences. Enraged by Dev's attacks, the head of the bandits kidnaps Dev's wife and takes her into the jungle, where their feelings for each other explode.
Nikita is one of the most highly skilled assassins on the planet, and her target is the mysterious corporation that created her. The Division, as it's known, picks up at-risk teens to train as killers, and Nikita will do anything to bring it down.
When a ruthless billionaire kills a man in a bid to steal the woman he loves, he's reborn as a common housefly with a taste for revenge. But before he can get even, he must convince his crush that he's buzzing around her.


Ken is the king of pranks and doesn't hold back when it comes to his friends' stag parties. He's pulled some outrageous stunts that have resulted in some scars, both emotional and physical. Now he's scared: it's
A boy and a girl who are ostracized by their peer groups at summer camp decide to run away together after becoming victims of a vicious prank. They soon develop a bond, helping each other overcome adversity and start down the path of self-discovery.
Mocking the cult of celebrity, this documentary by
An antic, romantic comedy about 27 year old Deb Dorfman, who is uprooted from the beige comfort of the suburban San Fernando Valley and caught up in the kaleidoscopic whirlwind of a newly revitalized downtown L.A.
Yamada is the cutest girl in the entire school, and wants to have her way with 100 different boys before the final bell rings. There's just one problem: She's never even been kissed! Lucky for her, class geek Kosuda is ready to help.
Yamada is the cutest girl in the entire school, and wants to have her way with 100 different boys before the final bell rings. There's just one problem: She's never even been kissed! Lucky for her, class geek Kosuda is ready to help.
Molly decides to plan a surprise for her best friend, Adam. She casts a magic spell, but it all goes wrong and turns his mother's boyfriend, Ted, into a puppy. Now, the teenagers must try to reverse the effects before everyone finds out.
In the wake of Hurricane Katrina, New Orleans officials transformed the city's education system by increasing the number of charter schools as they rebuilt. This inspiring documentary traces the creative new model's evolution through four schools.
The Star Wars phenomenon has inspired a creative outpouring on the part of fans inspired by its visionary technologies, characters and themes. This admiring documentary profiles some of the projects inspired by the deep space epic.
The death of a loved one is rarely easy to get over, but for Josh (
Focusing on manufacturing, environmental effects and solutions, a documentarian journeys around the world to trace the life cycle of plastic. While plastic is the most versatile material ever invented, its ubiquity comes at a steep cost to mankind.
Reveal the Path is a genre-defying adventure film that contemplates what it means to live an inspired life using the bicycle as a mechanism to explore, dream and discover.
Reveal the Path is a genre-defying adventure film that contemplates what it means to live an inspired life using the bicycle as a mechanism to explore, dream and discover.
This reality series about firearms and the people who love them centers on




Two private eyes investigating the disappearance of a student discover horrific content on a collection of VHS tapes in his home. But these videos don't just document evil ... they actually contain a very dark presence.
This powerful film follows David Kato, the first openly homosexual man in Uganda, as he fights the nation's looming anti-gay laws. When he's murdered soon after a major victory, it leaves those who looked to him for inspiration searching for answers.
Famously upbeat comedian
Already grappling with his own problems, martial arts teacher Carlos Castillo faces another crisis when his brother, Ricky, runs afoul of a gangster. To save Ricky and keep his dojo, Carlos is obliged to take part in illegal pit-fighting bouts.
Casper the Friendly Ghost is back and ready for more adventures when his fierce uncles, tired of his kindly relations with humans, send him away to a boarding school that specializes in teaching young students how to be as scary as possible.
Before bylines, the Big Apple and Mr. Big, Carrie Bradshaw was a teenager of the '80s. In this prequel to "Sex and the City," she navigates high school while harboring dreams of becoming a writer.
Before bylines, the Big Apple and Mr. Big, Carrie Bradshaw was a teenager of the '80s. In this prequel to "Sex and the City," she navigates high school while harboring dreams of becoming a writer.
Correspondent
The spirit and vitality of 1960s soul music are at the core of this film about a real-life Australian aborigine singing group and their bumpy career. Three sisters and a cousin are brought together as the Sapphires by a talent scout with a plan.
After seizing control of its town, gun-running motorcycle club the Sons of Anarchy soon butts heads with rival biker gangs, racist groups and the law. Meanwhile, young Jax Teller finds himself torn between protecting his son and loyalty to his gang.
With five loyal friends in tow, explorer Thor Heyerdal sails a fragile balsa wood raft along an ancient path some 4,300 miles across the Pacific. Along the way, they're attacked by tidal waves, sharks and all the dangers the ocean can muster.
From vampire killing kits and T-Rex fossil teeth, to pink Cadillacs and hot air balloons, Auction Kings is a roller coaster ride filled with thrills and disappointments, where one person's trash becomes another's treasure.
As he heads into this thirties, comedian
Join dear friends Pooh, Piglet, Kanga, Roo, Owl, Rabbit, Tigger and Christopher Robin as they enjoy their days together and sing their way through adventures that include honey, bees, bouncing, balloons, floods, Pooh sticks and more.
This martial arts biopic follows the early years of Ip Man -- the master who would one day become Bruce Lee's mentor -- as he perfects his Wing Chun style of combat against a small army of villainous foes.
On Halloween, the scariest night of the year, the Rangers have a strange encounter with a mysterious cloaked Medium who conjures "visions" of monsters past. But the Medium is actually a mutant who will ruin Halloween if the Rangers don't stop him.
On the eve of his retirement, Scotland Yard Inspector George Gently decides to pursue one final murder case, suspecting that it's the handiwork of a gangster who's already gotten away with the murder of Gently's own wife.

Kai, Jay, Cole and Zane must master their elemental powers and Spinjitzu weapons to protect the land of Ninjago. Ninjago also has an underworld, where the evil Lord Garmadon and the Skeleton Army live.



From musicians, writers and artists to dangerous thinkers, political radicals and above all ordinary people, this is the story of London's immigrants, its bohemians and how together they changed the city forever.

CHARGE is proof that maniacs on motorcycles can be a force for global good. The movie follows several teams to the world's first zero-emissions grand prix on the Isle of Man in 2009 and on their return in 2010. For the visionaries, this is history.
Visit striking locations that are antipodes, located diametrically opposite each other on Earth's surface. A peaceful sunset is contrasted with bustling city streets; people who live in a wasteland are connected to people dwelling next to a volcano.
Tired of being teased for his color, a white koala joins a traveling carnival with a Tasmanian devil and a photographer monkey as talent agents. Their adventures take an unexpected turn when their trailer crashes, leaving them stranded in the desert.
Out on parole after 8 years inside, Bill Hayward returns home to find his now 11 and 15-year-old sons, Jimmy and Dean, abandoned by their mother and fending for themselves. Unwilling to play Dad, an uncaring Bill is determined to move on.
A group of misfit gamers are part of a secret Defense Department initiative to shoot down the asteroids that threaten our world. But as they begin a night shift from hell, the Rock Jocks must fight off a meddling bureaucrat ... and extreme boredom.
SoLa: Louisiana Water Stories is a poignant look back at a way of life that may now be gone forever, and a prescient view at exactly how the gusher in the Gulf was allowed to happen. Thanks to corruption, malfeasance and the Louisiana industrial and political climate, environmental pollution seems to be simply a cost of doing business.




An example of 4K at 5994 MP. An example of 4K at 5994 MP. An example of 4K at 5994 MP. An example of 4K at 5994 MP. An example of 4K at 5994 MP. An example of 4K at 5994 MP. An example of 4K at 5994 MP.
An example of 4K at 50 MP. An example of 4K at 50 MP. An example of 4K at 50 MP. An example of 4K at 50 MP. An example of 4K at 50 MP. An example of 4K at 50 MP. An example of 4K at 50 MP. An example of 4K at 50 MP. An example of 4K at 50 MP.
An example of 4K at 30 MP. An example of 4K at 30 MP. An example of 4K at 30 MP. An example of 4K at 30 MP. An example of 4K at 30 MP. An example of 4K at 30 MP. An example of 4K at 30 MP. An example of 4K at 30 MP. An example of 4K at 30 MP.
An example of 4K at 2997 MP. An example of 4K at 2997 MP. An example of 4K at 2997 MP. An example of 4K at 2997 MP. An example of 4K at 2997 MP. An example of 4K at 2997 MP. An example of 4K at 2997 MP. An example of 4K at 2997 MP.
An example of 4K at 25 MP. An example of 4K at 25 MP. An example of 4K at 25 MP. An example of 4K at 25 MP. An example of 4K at 25 MP. An example of 4K at 25 MP. An example of 4K at 25 MP.
An example of 4K at 24 frames per second. An example of 4K at 24 frames per second.An example of 4K at 24 frames per second.An example of 4K at 24 frames per second.An example of 4K at 24 frames per second.An example of 4K at 24 frames per second.
After killing three people in an auto accident, a young woman named Michelle is ordered into rehab. On her counselor's advice, she takes a job that lands her in a mansion -- with a trio of psychotic siblings hell-bent on purging Michelle's sins.
Mild-mannered Dexter Morgan works for the police department as a blood-splatter analyst but moonlights as a murderer who only targets other killers, implementing a moral code instilled in him by his father. Seasons 5-8 available in January, 2014.
Mild-mannered Dexter Morgan works for the police department as a blood-splatter analyst but moonlights as a murderer who only targets other killers, implementing a moral code instilled in him by his father. Seasons 5-8 available in January, 2014.
Mild-mannered Dexter Morgan works for the police department as a blood-splatter analyst but moonlights as a murderer who only targets other killers, implementing a moral code instilled in him by his father. Seasons 5-8 available in January, 2014.
Mild-mannered Dexter Morgan works for the police department as a blood-splatter analyst but moonlights as a murderer who only targets other killers, implementing a moral code instilled in him by his father. Seasons 5-8 available in January, 2014.
Mild-mannered Dexter Morgan works for the police department as a blood-splatter analyst but moonlights as a murderer who only targets other killers, implementing a moral code instilled in him by his father. Seasons 5-8 available in January, 2014.
Like their famous sister
Three ambitious workaholics -- a handsome but weak-minded anchorman, his driven producer and a neurotic reporter -- are set loose in a network TV newsroom, where their professional and personal lives become hopelessly cross-wired.

Chet Ripley takes his family to a lakeside resort for a quiet vacation away from it all. When his brother-in-law Roman shows up with his family, Mother Nature steps in to add her two cents.
While working for a railroad baron in colonial Uganda, engineer John Patterson finds his construction efforts stymied by a series of lion attacks. Grizzled hunter Charles Remington is called in to head the desperate effort to kill the animals.
Stepping out of the pages of Charles Addams' cartoons and the 1960s television series, the beloved macabre family takes to the big screen in a tale that centers on con artists out to swindle them by introducing a bogus Uncle Fester into their home.
In a ruined future in which huge, orbiting spaceships preserve the last remaining trees from pollution and overcrowding on Earth, everyman botanist Freeman Lowell (
In three charming holiday tales, Minnie and Mickey recall the year they made great sacrifices for each other; Huey, Dewey and Louie wish Christmas would never end; and Goofy and son Max learn a valuable lesson when Santa visits them.
On the eve of receiving a presidential medal, aging USO performer Dixie Leonard (
Leta has 24 hours to take a busload of inner-city youths, all of them would-be rap stars, to Miami for a photo shoot. Along the way, the motley crew of urban misfits will have to deal with their broken-down ride and their own dramas.
When a huge snowstorm leaves everyone stranded at the House of Mouse, Mickey and his guests, including Pooh, Piglet, Belle, Snow White, Ariel and many more, break out the cookies and hot chocolate to help Donald Duck regain his holiday spirit.
Veteran cop Bob Hodges has nothing but contempt for his new partner, fiery rookie Danny McGavin. But he gradually comes to appreciate Danny as they patrol the streets of East Los Angeles, where a gang war between the Crips and Bloods is escalating.
A budding romance between noble underachiever Lloyd and beautiful high school valedictorian Diane is threatened when Diane's father has a few things to say about the relationship and his expectations for Diane's future.

Mickey Mouse faces Disney's pantheon of villains in this feature-length adventure. The nefarious Jafar has teamed up with Cruella, Hades, Ursula, Captain Hook and Maleficent to take over the House of Mouse and turn it into the House of Villains.
In this adaptation of Oscar Wilde's witty play about mistaken identities,
In this slice-of-life tale, country boy Bud Davis leaves the farm behind and heads to a Houston suburb, where he soon gravitates to a cavernous honky-tonk with a mechanical bull and fast women -- including a husky-voiced flirt he impetuously weds.
Having learned the importance of friendship from Charlotte the spider, Wilbur the pig befriends a lamb named Cardigan in this sequel to the classic children's tale. When Cardigan is sold to another farm, however, Wilbur tries to save his new pal.
Gifted orphans Tony and Tia use their superpowers to find a place called Witch Mountain -- and escape from the nefarious clutches of two schemers who are posing as loving relatives and trying to exploit the kids' special abilities.
Dynamic duo
Fans of the Recess gang can follow along as the kids graduate from the fourth grade to the fifth. Join in their joy and laughter with adventures full of hilarious twists and turns, lessons about friendship and the very fun business of growing up.
In Disney's take on the Alexander Dumas tale, Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck and Goofy want nothing more than to perform brave deeds on behalf of Queen Minnie, but they're stymied by the head Musketeer, Pete, who secretly wants to get rid of the queen.
An imaginative, 11-year-old boy (
When a 40,000-year-old Neanderthal is thawed out of the ice during a scientific expedition and begins to function again, anthropologist Stanley Shepard winds up in a desperate fight to keep his new friend from becoming the center of a media circus.

What begins as just another day for everyman Brad quickly disintegrates into an ordeal of unimaginable terror when a dirty bomb is unleashed on the city of Los Angeles and he finds himself unable to contact his wife.
When they find themselves stranded in the Alaskan wilderness, the canine offspring of famed sports star Air Bud team up with an experienced sled dog and a husky pup, who teach them the importance of working together.

Computer genius Chuck Bartowski excels at underachieving at the electronics store where he works with his slacker pals, but his life is altered forever when he accidentally downloads top-secret data into his brain and becomes a government asset.
Computer genius Chuck Bartowski excels at underachieving at the electronics store where he works with his slacker pals, but his life is altered forever when he accidentally downloads top-secret data into his brain and becomes a government asset.
Backed by a staff of thieves and hackers, former insurance investigator Nate Ford (
Looking for a little payback after his legendary loss to his velocity-challenged rival, Murray Hare and his son Butch challenge Walter Tortoise and his daughter Crystal to compete in the dreaded Mount Impossible Nature Adventure Race.
The beloved talking puppies of Air Buddies are back in this family-friendly adventure. But this time, they're setting their sights even higher -- as in, the moon! With the help of their new pals Spudnick and Gravity, these pooches are set for launch.
Flailing after the sudden death of his father, Whitney clings even tighter to his girlfriend of four years, who is less invested in their relationship and also happens to be exploring her sexuality.
Backed by a staff of thieves and hackers, former insurance investigator Nate Ford (
A party-filled graduation weekend turns into a nightmare for popular class president Sandy Channing (
Computer genius Chuck Bartowski excels at underachieving at the electronics store where he works with his slacker pals, but his life is altered forever when he accidentally downloads top-secret data into his brain and becomes a government asset.
When golden retriever pup Budderball gets his name on Santa Paws's naughty list, Santa Paws's son, Puppy Paws, decides to take Budderball under his paw in this family-friendly North Pole adventure.
Backed by a staff of thieves and hackers, former insurance investigator Nate Ford (
Backed by a staff of thieves and hackers, former insurance investigator Nate Ford (
An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.
An example of 29.97 frames per second.  An example of 29.97 frames per second.  An example of 29.97 frames per second.  An example of 29.97 frames per second.  An example of 29.97 frames per second.  An example of 29.97 frames per second.
An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.  An example of 23.976 frames per second.
Computer genius Chuck Bartowski excels at underachieving at the electronics store where he works with his slacker pals, but his life is altered forever when he accidentally downloads top-secret data into his brain and becomes a government asset.
In an Israel still recovering from World War II yet also grappling with the tumultuous "Swinging Sixties," teenager Arik (
Amy, a wannabe professional chef, uses her culinary wiles to win her friends' devotion and thinks she will easily triumph over her new neighbor, Saffron, a reclusive ex-child star. But Saffron has a food obsession of her own that might trump Amy's.
Computer genius Chuck Bartowski excels at underachieving at the electronics store where he works with his slacker pals, but his life is altered forever when he accidentally downloads top-secret data into his brain and becomes a government asset.
Danny Parker (
This action-packed family film stars
Backed by a staff of thieves and hackers, former insurance investigator Nate Ford (
Computer genius Chuck Bartowski excels at underachieving at the electronics store where he works with his slacker pals, but his life is altered forever when he accidentally downloads top-secret data into his brain and becomes a government asset.
When the Iranian government banned director
In this gothic horror film from
To cope with his father's terminal cancer, a troubled high schooler begins telling everyone -- including his new girlfriend -- that he has the same disease. But keeping up the ruse proves just as difficult as dealing with real life.
Themes of love, lust and friendship are all present in three independent narratives destined to collide at a single nightclub.
Set on a farm in the English countryside during World War II, this program follows the lives, loves, highs and lows of four members of the Women's Land Army who are working at the Hoxley Estate.
Set on a farm in the English countryside during World War II, this program follows the lives, loves, highs and lows of four members of the Women's Land Army who are working at the Hoxley Estate.
Backed by a staff of thieves and hackers, former insurance investigator Nate Ford (

Once used by the emperor to quash all opposition, a secret squad of assassins known as the Guillotines falls out of favor when a new monarch takes the throne. Deemed expendable, the Guillotines soon end up with a price on their heads.
This documentary explores the rift between state and federal laws regarding medical marijuana, following the story of a man who even called the DEA before opening his California dispensary -- but still wound up convicted on federal charges.
This World War II documentary relates the inspiring and tragic story of Raphael Schchter, a young composer held in the Terezin concentration camp. In an act of artistic defiance, Schchter teaches a prison chorus to perform Verdi's Requiem.
Get ready to immerse yourself in the opulent, exciting world of Australia's leading lady detective Phryne Fisher (
Get ready to immerse yourself in the opulent, exciting world of Australia's leading lady detective Phryne Fisher (
When Mrs. Claus travels to Pineville, the Santa Pups stow away on her sled. The mischievous little pooches soon begin granting joyful wishes to Pineville's boys and girls, but something goes terribly wrong: The Christmas spirit begins to disappear.



This taut series from revolves around master negotiator Dominic King. From the first phone call with kidnappers to risky excursions into exotic and dangerous locales, King places himself in the line of fire to bring the victims home.
This taut series from revolves around master negotiator Dominic King. From the first phone call with kidnappers to risky excursions into exotic and dangerous locales, King places himself in the line of fire to bring the victims home.


This taut series from revolves around master negotiator Dominic King. From the first phone call with kidnappers to risky excursions into exotic and dangerous locales, King places himself in the line of fire to bring the victims home.
Four ordinary women with an extraordinary flair for code-breaking and razor-sharp intelligence skills are the focus of this murder-mystery drama. Having served as code breakers in World War II, the four now focus their talents on catching killers.
Following the fates of four orphans from around the world, this earnest documentary argues that international adoption laws are deeply flawed. The film reveals the maze of regulations that prospective parents must navigate to take a child home.
After the head of Korea's largest crime syndicate dies, undercover cop Ja-seong, who is exhausted and conflicted by his lengthy assignment, is ordered by his potentially corrupt boss to help the number two man in the organization become its leader.
Using cutting-edge psychological profiling methods in tandem with advanced weaponry, Sgt. Gregory Parker and his Strategic Response Unit tackle high-risk cases, including bomb scares, hostage situations, bank robbers, gangbangers, snipers and more.
Four ordinary women with an extraordinary flair for code-breaking and razor-sharp intelligence skills are the focus of this murder-mystery drama. Having served as code breakers in World War II, the four now focus their talents on catching killers.
Filmed in six countries over a two-year period, this documentary follows four sommeliers as they embark on an all-consuming course of study for the prestigious (and nearly impossible to pass) Master Sommelier exam.
A young Seattle girl's disappearance sets in motion this moody crime series centering on Det. Sarah Linden, who's trying to start a new life in California but is unable to walk away from the mysteries posed by the complex case.
Cast against East Timor's bloody revolution, this true-life love story traces Kirsty Sword's dedication to a Timorese rebel group and its leader. Their romance begins as the charismatic
When a crown is stolen from the Crystal Empire, Twilight Sparkle takes on a whole new identity, a human teenage girl, in her quest to get it back. Her adventure includes a trip to high school, where she meets some remarkably familiar new friends.
Heartwarming moments of thoughtfulness, romance and friendship are interspersed with backstabbing, scheming, sabotage and broken alliances in this animated spoof of reality show competitions -- and it's all scripted for maximum laughs!
Teen
When his new trainee gets killed on the job, an ambitious corporate assassin feels an obligation to care for the kid's family -- but taking his eye off the ball is not how a guy gets promoted and starting a new life may prove harder than expected.
Abandoned in 1940s Hong Kong, an ostracized blue-eyed Asian boy works his way up from lowly laborer to an esteemed engineer and eventually marries a beautiful wife. Yet he remains haunted by his painful past.
Yue Feng is a young thug with exceptional streetfighting abilities. He will stop at nothing to defeat all challengers until a tragic accident sends him to prison. Eight years later, Yue Feng seeks a new life of peace and fulfillment.
Stop-motion animation pioneer
When a would-be cop working for an armored car company navely tells his best friend about the firm's lax security, he gets drawn into a scheme to pull an inside job -- and soon finds himself pursued by a veteran detective and the mob.
Red-hot comicAzizAnsari("Parks and Recreation") shares his views on adulthood, babies, marriage, love and more in the modern era. Filmed live in Philadelphia,Ansari's unfiltered look at his own place in today's adult world is smartly hilarious.
Wife and mother
Live-wire comedian




Shot in black and white and without dialogue, this unusual take on "Snow White" follows the young daughter of a matador who finds fame after escaping the clutches of her evil stepmother to join a band of bullfighting dwarves.

Dale was excited to move to L.A., but everything in her life -- work, friends, romance -- is going wrong. Now she's caught in a love triangle with her best friend and a guy from her past, and turning her luck around will take a huge leap of faith.
Top Cat and the gang face a new police chief, Strickland, who is not at all happy with poor Officer Dibble's performance trying to prevent Top Cat's scams. Top Cat is put to the test as Strickland proves to be the greatest foe he's ever encountered.
Feel groovy with this hit sitcom set in 1970s suburbia, where teenager Eric Forman (
Feel groovy with this hit sitcom set in 1970s suburbia, where teenager Eric Forman (
Feel groovy with this hit sitcom set in 1970s suburbia, where teenager Eric Forman (
Feel groovy with this hit sitcom set in 1970s suburbia, where teenager Eric Forman (
Feel groovy with this hit sitcom set in 1970s suburbia, where teenager Eric Forman (
Feel groovy with this hit sitcom set in 1970s suburbia, where teenager Eric Forman (
Feel groovy with this hit sitcom set in 1970s suburbia, where teenager Eric Forman (
Feel groovy with this hit sitcom set in 1970s suburbia, where teenager Eric Forman (
Feel groovy with this hit sitcom set in 1970s suburbia, where teenager Eric Forman (
Girl-crazy Tomoki's quiet life gets turned upside down when beautiful, winged Ikaros falls from the sky -- and starts calling him master. Her origins are a mystery, but she might have the power to make Tomoki's every dream come true.
This intimate and loving portrait of the legendary arbiter of fashion, art and culture illustrates the many stages of Vreeland's remarkable life. Born in Paris in 1903, she was to become New York's "Empress of Fashion" and a celebrated
Low-level drug dealer Alex dreams of a better life away from his needy older brother and distant father, but before he can leave France to join a cousin in Tel Aviv, Alex must make a lot of money and come to terms with his complicated relationships.



After graduating from medical school, Ver
Girl-crazy Tomoki's quiet life gets turned upside down when beautiful, winged Ikaros falls from the sky -- and starts calling him master. Her origins are a mystery, but she might have the power to make Tomoki's every dream come true.
Girl-crazy Tomoki's quiet life gets turned upside down when beautiful, winged Ikaros falls from the sky -- and starts calling him master. Her origins are a mystery, but she might have the power to make Tomoki's every dream come true.

When a bacteriological weapon developed by the U.S. government spreads an epidemic that turns a quiet little town's residents into zombie hordes, a band of mercenaries is sent in to eliminate the threat -- by detonating an atomic bomb.
When a freak hurricane swamps Los Angeles, thousands of sharks are swept up in tornadoes and deposited all over the city, where they terrorize the shocked residents. Among them is bar owner Fin, who must rescue his estranged wife and daughter.
Tar Creek is an environmentally devastated area in northeastern Oklahoma with acidic creeks, stratospheric lead poisoning and enormous sinkholes. Nearly 30 years after being designated as a Superfund cleanup program, residents are still struggling.
The arrival of a foreigner causes a stir in a small Mediterranean village when it's rumored that he will be reopening an old shop. The stranger's arrival brings hope to the locals, but the language barrier obscures his intentions for being there.
Earl Coleman, a vigilante ex-con, is determined to clean up his crime-infested community. But as he avenges the death of his sister, he begins a series of actions that may lead to his own destruction.
An example of 60 frames per second. An example of 60 frames per second. An example of 60 frames per second. An example of 60 frames per second. An example of 60 frames per second. An example of 60 frames per second.
When the Silver Surfer and his surfboard are knocked out of the sky, shattering the board in pieces, Nick Fury calls on the heroes of the Marvel universe to retrieve "the cosmic bricks" before any villain, like Loki or Magneto, can take them.
Four sell out knock 'em dead UK tours, a run in London's West End and a tour of Australia proved beyond any doubt that the Grumpy Old Woman is a global phenomenon! The original cast members tread the boards of the historic Richmond Theatre creating their biggest grump fest to date!

The Foster's Edinburgh Comedy Award winning show Smokescreens
The teen sleuths from the Stratemeyer Syndicate mystery novels come to life in this series that began by shifting its focus weekly between the clue-hunting brothers and comely "part-time investigator" Nancy but later, they join forces on cases.
After hitting a rough patch, 29-year-old Leigh abandons her journalism career, moves back in with her parents and gets a job as a lifeguard. Soon, she begins an affair with a teenage boy she meets at the pool.



Hailing from around the globe, a varied group of senior ping pong players gather in Mongolia to compete in the Over-80 Table Tennis Championships. This buoyant documentary portrays the players' determination to defy the usual clichs about old age.
This rough-and-tumble series tracks the alliances, animosities and adventures of outlaw motorcycle gang the Laffing Devils, whose home is San Diego. Danny Boy, the Devils' founding member, frequently has to contend with rival club members.
This rough-and-tumble series tracks the alliances, animosities and adventures of outlaw motorcycle gang the Laffing Devils, whose home is San Diego. Danny Boy, the Devils' founding member, frequently has to contend with rival club members.




Filmmaker

An ordinary day at Fernfield Farms turns extraordinary when five dogs discover mysterious rings that grant them each a unique super power. The pups unleash their amazing abilities when a shape-shifting bully from outer space threatens the planet.
When the teenage daughter of a reclusive family of artists falls in love with an unusual boy at school, she awakens mysterious powers and discovers ancient family secrets that will change her life forever.
An example of 60 frames per second. An example of 60 frames per second. An example of 60 frames per second. An example of 60 frames per second. An example of 60 frames per second. An example of 60 frames per second.
An example at 24 frames per second. An example at 24 frames per second.An example at 24 frames per second.An example at 24 frames per second.An example  at 24 frames per second.An example  at 24 frames per second.
When a young swain recruits rascally, charismatic pirate Capt. Jack Sparrow to help rescue a maiden from rival buccaneers, he and his motley crew soon find themselves up against frightening supernatural forces and an ancient curse.
When a group of unruly circus performers stumbles upon an old cache of weapons-grade chemicals, they morph into mutants who unleash a wave of mayhem across the city. But one mutant -- circus clown Sunny -- uses his new powers to stop the marauders.

Set in the violent world of late 1970s Jamaica, this social drama based on real events tracks the turbulent life of Ricky, a Kingston gang leader. Recruited by politicians to attack their foes, Ricky's thugs specialize in disrupting public rallies.
With an eye toward exposing the policies and practices that affect the global economy, filmmaker
When alien monsters go on a murderous rampage on an Irish island, the only survivor is drunk -- because alcohol makes blood toxic to the aliens. Now, as a sober cop tries to stop the carnage, the rest of the town must get wasted in order to survive.

An innocent man accused of treason by Russian partisans fighting the German occupation is marked for death by two of his fellow countrymen. When the trio is ambushed, the man, eager to clear his name, faces a moral choice under immoral circumstances.
In this Bollywood drama, a corporate go-getter sees his priorities shift when personal tragedy brings him face-to-face with political corruption. Determined to expose the problem, he foments a national protest and makes enemies along the way.
Determined to make it as a modern dancer in New York, Frances pursues her unlikely goal with more enthusiasm than natural talent. The rest of the time, she and her sardonic best friend, Sophie, put off growing up for as long as they can.

This TLC reality series pulls back the curtain on polygamist families, following the lives of
Following a stress-induced breakdown after penning a best-seller, Paula Martin retreats to her childhood holiday home to recover. But the old house is full of secrets and mysteries that distract and disturb the fragile writer.

An American diplomat heads into dangerous lands to retrieve the lovesick daughter of a famous politician in this adventure adapted from James Michener's novel. It's up to agent Mark Miller (
Brothers Edward and Alphonse use alchemy to resurrect their mother, but they unleash a chemical reaction that tears apart their bodies. They then scour the land for the mythical Philosopher's Stone, which could restore their maimed bodies.
In this smart drama about the dark side of a material world, it's impossible to keep up with the Joneses, a suburban family with good looks, fancy cars, a sprawling estate and ... a shocking secret the neighbors would never guess.
Maka and the other students at the Death Weapon Meister Academy must kill 99 evil humans and one witch, absorbing their spirits when they die. As they go about this task, Maka and her human weapon, Soul, strengthen their bond.
Maka and the other students at the Death Weapon Meister Academy must kill 99 evil humans and one witch, absorbing their spirits when they die. As they go about this task, Maka and her human weapon, Soul, strengthen their bond.
This poetic documentary captures environmental activist
Maka and the other students at the Death Weapon Meister Academy must kill 99 evil humans and one witch, absorbing their spirits when they die. As they go about this task, Maka and her human weapon, Soul, strengthen their bond.
Maka and the other students at the Death Weapon Meister Academy must kill 99 evil humans and one witch, absorbing their spirits when they die. As they go about this task, Maka and her human weapon, Soul, strengthen their bond.

Kazuma is the black sheep in his family of fire-handling martial arts masters, as he instead becomes a master wind warrior in this anime series. With his strange new powers, Kazuma sets out to take on myriad exotic foes.
New student Haruhi stumbles on the Ouran High School Host Club, an all-male group that makes money by entertaining the girls of the school. After breaking a precious vase, Haruhi passes herself off as a boy to become a host and repay her debt.
Maka and the other students at the Death Weapon Meister Academy must kill 99 evil humans and one witch, absorbing their spirits when they die. As they go about this task, Maka and her human weapon, Soul, strengthen their bond.
Brothers Edward and Alphonse use alchemy to resurrect their mother, but they unleash a chemical reaction that tears apart their bodies. They then scour the land for the mythical Philosopher's Stone, which could restore their maimed bodies.
When Tsukune accidentally enrolls in a school for monsters disguised as humans, he must hide the fact that he's really human or risk losing his life. After falling for cute vampire Moka, he decides it's worth the risk to stay.
When Tsukune accidentally enrolls in a school for monsters disguised as humans, he must hide the fact that he's really human or risk losing his life. After falling for cute vampire Moka, he decides it's worth the risk to stay.
When Tsukune accidentally enrolls in a school for monsters disguised as humans, he must hide the fact that he's really human or risk losing his life. After falling for cute vampire Moka, he decides it's worth the risk to stay.
New student Haruhi stumbles on the Ouran High School Host Club, an all-male group that makes money by entertaining the girls of the school. After breaking a precious vase, Haruhi passes herself off as a boy to become a host and repay her debt.
Kazuma is the black sheep in his family of fire-handling martial arts masters, as he instead becomes a master wind warrior in this anime series. With his strange new powers, Kazuma sets out to take on myriad exotic foes.
This riveting documentary follows impoverished 8-year-old Thai girls Stam and Pet, underground Muay Thai fighers who compete for prize money in rural venues. Both learn to excel in the brutal sport, leading to a fateful championship match.
With a hefty reward hanging in the balance, a battle-scarred knight of the Crusades must track down a renegade poet at the pope's command. But the mission is threatened by a tagalong squire and an old friend who's succumbed to madness.
With camera in hand, Czech rider

Inspired by the variety shows of the 1970s, "A



On the heels of a rough assignment, assassin Jack declares that his next job will be his last. Dispatched to a small Italian town to await further orders, Jack embarks on a dangerous double life while falling for a lovely villager.

When teenager Augustine -- diagnosed as a "hysteric" -- is incarcerated in a hospital for the mentally ill in 1885, she becomes the pet patient of prominent neurologist Professor Charcot in this drama based on the real relationship between the two.

Life's a beach for surfers Brady and McKenzie until a rogue wave magically transports them inside the classic 1960s beach party flick, "Wet Side Story," in which a full-blown rivalry between bikers and surfers threatens to erupt.
After becoming apprentice to a Shanghai crime boss, Cheng Daqi gets a taste for power in this story of a real-life gangster that spans 30 years. Thrust into the criminal world, Cheng gets involved in a murder plot as the city is on the brink of war.
In Season 2, gangster Frank Tagliano discovers that not everyone is thrilled about his rise to power as Norway's newest crime kingpin, and that fatherhood to newborn twins is more challenging than running an illegal empire.

Luz Garcia, a high school senior in a remote Texas town, seeks to finance her much-coveted education at the University of Texas at Austin by winning a scholarship through a state powerlifting championship.
As debate rages about the safety and responsibility of using nuclear power, this documentary journeys through nuclear reactor communities to expose the truths and myths concerning the risks and benefits of the popular energy source.
Still reeling from the death of his mother, struggling singer-songwriter Brook finds it hard to create -- but his life and creativity take a turn for the better when his estranged father and three sisters arrive to spread his mother's ashes.

This moving documentary showcases a 2011 concert celebrating the late Canadian singer-songwriter Kate McGarrigle, weaving it together with interviews, archival footage and home videos. Participants include her children Rufus and
Brave bosses go undercover in this on-the-job reality series, taking low-level positions in their own companies to anonymously explore how their businesses are running and learn where improvements can be made.
When a blond Californian with Alabama roots reinvents himself as a flamenco guitarist in Andalusian boots, fathering five children to five different women, what happens behind the scenes and along the way?
Tormented by memories of combat in the Bosnian War, American vet Benjamin Ford seeks peace of mind deep in the Appalachian Mountains. But when a Bosnian vet of the same war comes to settle a score, a new war erupts in the American wilderness.
At his emperor's command, Ryner Lute and his longtime comrade Ferris set out on a search for heroic relics in this Japanese anime series. During the journey, Ryner makes a shocking discovery: A deadly curse is spreading across the continent.
At his emperor's command, Ryner Lute and his longtime comrade Ferris set out on a search for heroic relics in this Japanese anime series. During the journey, Ryner makes a shocking discovery: A deadly curse is spreading across the continent.


A visually hypnotizing cinematic feat, Russian Ark is Alexsandr Sokurov's spellbinding ode to St. Petersburg's State Hermitage Museum. Shot in one take on digital video, the film shows the museum from a first-person point of view. As the photography floats through the lavish corridors of the museum, a cast of 867 actors supplies the action -- including The Marquis (
Comedian
Another cheesy movie gets the hilarious "Mystery Science Theater 3000" treatment when Mike is forced to watch this 1957 sci-fi film by
While digging in an Arizona quarry, archaeologist Tommy (Jules Desjarlais) gets scratched by a werewolf skeleton and soon begins exhibiting the telltale signs of lycanthropy. Later on, his colleague, Yuri (Jorge Rivero), seizes upon a revenge plan using Tommy's blood. The crew of the MST3K has a howling good time with this 1996 schlockfest. On-ship antics include a funny spoof of "Inside the Actors' Studio."
With heaps of side-splitting sarcasm, Mike, Servo and Crow skewer this ridiculous monster movie, which follows Dr. Stella Dickens (
An alien with a taste for human children abducts two boys, spurring Gamera the giant flying turtle into action as the MST3K guys laugh on. The conflict pits Gamera against a knife-nosed monster; meanwhile, Joel invents a collapsible Porta-Potty.

College sophomores Sara and Alex, roommates who've become intimate, idly joke about killing each other's enemies. But now someone's been murdered. Was one of them taking things too far, or is someone else playing a deadly game with the lovers?


For more than 80 years, the Kilcher family has banded together to live successfully off the grid in the untamed and often dangerous Alaskan landscape. This family-based reality series highlights the Kilchers' often-ingenious tactics for survival.
For more than 80 years, the Kilcher family has banded together to live successfully off the grid in the untamed and often dangerous Alaskan landscape. This family-based reality series highlights the Kilchers' often-ingenious tactics for survival.
A sad-sack janitor, appropriately named W.C., is cleaning the ladies' room when the zombie apocalypse breaks out at the office Christmas party. Taking refuge in a stall, the unarmed, defenseless W.C. makes a final stand against the undead.
At the North Pole, Bernard, a low-ranking Elf, dreams of joining Santa's elite team of innovators. When the location of Santa's workshop is accidentally revealed, Santa and Christmas are in jeopardy. Can Bernard rescue Santa in time for Christmas?
El Fuente 2997 test. El Fuente 2997 test. El Fuente 2997 test. El Fuente 2997 test. El Fuente 2997 test. El Fuente 2997 test. El Fuente 2997 test. El Fuente 2997 test. El Fuente 2997 test. El Fuente 2997 test. El Fuente 2997 test.
El Fuente 25 Test. El Fuente 25 Test. El Fuente 25 Test. El Fuente 25 Test. El Fuente 25 Test. El Fuente 25 Test. El Fuente 25 Test. El Fuente 25 Test. El Fuente 25 Test. El Fuente 25 Test.
El Fuente test at 24. El Fuente test at 24. El Fuente test at 24. El Fuente test at 24. El Fuente test at 24. El Fuente test at 24. El Fuente test at 24. El Fuente test at 24.El Fuente test at 24.El Fuente test at 24. El Fuente test at 24.
El Fuente a 23976 test. El Fuente a 23976 test. El Fuente a 23976 test. El Fuente a 23976 test.El Fuente a 23976 test.El Fuente a 23976 test.El Fuente a 23976 test.El Fuente a 23976 test.
They may only be grade schoolers, but these young golfers are already competing in a world championship on a prestigious North Carolina course that could secure one of them a future as a professional.
El Fuente 5994 Test. El Fuente 5994 Test. El Fuente 5994 Test. El Fuente 5994 Test. El Fuente 5994 Test. El Fuente 5994 Test. El Fuente 5994 Test. El Fuente 5994 Test. El Fuente 5994 Test. El Fuente 5994 Test. El Fuente 5994 Test.
El Fuente 50 Test. El Fuente 50 Test. El Fuente 50 Test. El Fuente 50 Test. El Fuente 50 Test. El Fuente 50 Test. El Fuente 50 Test. El Fuente 50 Test. El Fuente 50 Test. El Fuente 50 Test. El Fuente 50 Test. El Fuente 50 Test.
El Fuente 30 Test. El Fuente 30 Test. El Fuente 30 Test. El Fuente 30 Test. El Fuente 30 Test. El Fuente 30 Test. El Fuente 30 Test. El Fuente 30 Test. El Fuente 30 Test. El Fuente 30 Test. El Fuente 30 Test. El Fuente 30 Test. El Fuente 30 Test. El Fuente 30 Test.
Incendiary stand-up comic
A powerful crystal that helps Santa deliver all his gifts in one night disappears, and without it, this year's holiday is doomed. As Santa's helpers search frantically for the crystal, a scheming elf named Basil plots to end Christmas forever.

After emerging as the sole survivor in a battle between revolutionary troops and the Qing army, wounded Qing Gen. Ma Xinyi is nursed back to heath by a peasant. Once he recovers, Xinyi joins two bandits in waging war against the revolutionaries.


Tien, the son of Lord Sihadecho -- a murdered nobleman -- is taken under the wing of Chernang, a renowned warrior and leader of the Pha Beek Krut who teaches Tien a variety of deadly fighting styles.

Oscar-nominated documentary filmmaker
A fisherman's life is transformed when he catches a beautiful and mysterious woman in his nets. As he falls helplessly in love, his daughter comes to believe that the woman is a magical creature.
Authorities ignore a scientist's warning of an impending tsunami at the popular South Korean beach spot Haeundae four years after a similar tragedy befell the region -- but when his prediction comes true, residents must scramble to survive. Now both vacationers and locals like sushi-seller Man-sik, who lost a friend in the last tsunami, find themselves in a fight for their lives in this action-packed disaster movie from South Korea.
Family dissension, unbidden desire and other tensions bubble to the surface during a patriarch's birthday party. When the seemingly picture-perfect Recchi clan gathers to celebrate the man, the veneer of civility quickly falls away.

When a warmongering prime minister advances his armies against two rival kingdoms, he unwittingly prompts his adversaries to work together, resulting in an epic battle by the sea involving more than 1 million soldiers.
Armed with formidable Thai boxing skills, a rebellious prince takes on his queen, a band of rowdy pirates and a needy orphan for bragging rights to a vast ocean treasure. But there's only so much booty to go around in this high-seas adventure.
When little Wun needs a heart transplant, his friends race to save him. But the donor heart he needs is at a hospital that's been captured by terrorists, so it's up to the remaining Power Kids to liberate it.
After Oxford logic professor Arthur Seldom and his new graduate student Martin discover a dead woman, they get involved in trying to solve a string of homicides in which the killer marked each victim's body with cryptic mathematical symbols.

This compelling documentary explores the global water crisis, examining deficiencies in the supply system and communities affected by water shortages. Scientists, activists and social entrepreneurs shed light on this shocking and pervasive problem.


When an author decides to turn his book tour into a stand-up comedy tour, he enlists his best friend from high school to come along. They haven't seen each other in 20 years but quickly fall into their old habits of outrageous behavior.
This historical drama recounts the 18th-century struggle of the Kazakh people against the marauding tribes of the East, led by a teenage general. The action focuses on the courage of thousands of young solders in preserving their nation's freedom.
With King Richard off to the Crusades, Prince John and his slithering minion, Sir Hiss, set about taxing Nottingham's citizens with support from the corrupt sheriff -- and staunch opposition by the wily Robin Hood and his band of merry men.
A humble young squire named Wart allies himself with the powerful magician Merlin and discovers his destiny. No one would have guessed that a sword trapped in a churchyard stone would transform Wart into the legendary King Arthur.


Kim Sang-nam, a hot-tempered former professional baseball player, is sent to the countryside to coach a team of hearing-impaired players in order to avoid media coverage of his recent involvement in an assault case.
A single mother is forced to chauffeur a wealthy man around town on Christmas Eve while he gives away cash to strangers. When a reporter pursues the story, a new romance blossoms and the single mother learns the true meaning of Christmas.



After he's hurled across the universe through a wormhole, American astronaut John Crichton finds sanctuary aboard a sentient vessel populated by alien fugitives fleeing from a totalitarian military force.
After he's hurled across the universe through a wormhole, American astronaut John Crichton finds sanctuary aboard a sentient vessel populated by alien fugitives fleeing from a totalitarian military force.
After he's hurled across the universe through a wormhole, American astronaut John Crichton finds sanctuary aboard a sentient vessel populated by alien fugitives fleeing from a totalitarian military force.
After he's hurled across the universe through a wormhole, American astronaut John Crichton finds sanctuary aboard a sentient vessel populated by alien fugitives fleeing from a totalitarian military force.
Filmmaker
After he's hurled across the universe through a wormhole, American astronaut John Crichton finds sanctuary aboard a sentient vessel populated by alien fugitives fleeing from a totalitarian military force.
Teresa, a 50-year-old Austrian, vacations on Kenya's sun-kissed shores looking for love among the local beach boys who survive on European "sugar mamas." She falls for Munga, but soon realizes that his false sincerity is part of the sex tourism game.
Go behind the scenes with The Making of VGHS: The Behind the Scenes Feature Documentary. Learn how Video Game High School was made, featuring special interviews with the cast and crew! Get Schooled.
Each episode of this gritty investigative series highlights a notorious crime in a different city, exploring the community where the crime occurred, detailing how justice was served and offering a look at the aftermath.
In 1986, a group of nerdy, wannabe punk rockers start a band named The Fingers. Although the boys are realistic about their limited talents, they soon acquire a record deal and loyal fans, prompting them to contemplate the ultimate sin: selling out.
When an asteroid grazes the atmosphere, Earth is thrust closer to the sun and temperatures start soaring. Now, it's up to determined cop Tom Bracket and a team of scientists to rescue humankind.
For millenia, calendars have added an extra day every four years. In doing so, they violated the ancient Mayan calendar. Now we are in the 13th month of the 13th year of the new millenium, and the few who survive will battle a world of demons.
Master baker
Amid relationship woes and personal attacks from wonderfully wicked cheerleading coach Sue Sylvester, idealistic teacher Will Schuester fights to turn the underdog members of McKinley High's Glee Club into confident winners.

Meet the BBQ Pitmasters, the leading cooks of America's barbecue circuit, where reputations ride on the virtues of one perfectly glazed rib, and where hundreds of thousands of dollars are won or lost after a single, mouth-watering bite of brisket.
Before becoming the founder of WikiLeaks, Julian Assange was a computer hacker, one of a group that broke into the networks of some powerful organizations. They were young, brilliant, and in the eyes of the FBI, a major threat to U.S. security.
After a bungled convenience-store robbery, lovers Watty Watts and Starlene Cheatham make a reckless run for the Mexican border, pursued by their drug-addled former partner, a pair of thugs and Texas lawmen.
This gritty, visceral crime drama puts an out-of-control police lieutenant on a collision course with disaster. A survivor of the streets, this junkie, thief and killer is forced to confront his private demons when he investigates the rape of a nun.
Writer-director
It's the 23rd century in director
The Borg have time-traveled to Earth's past to prevent the first contact between humans and Vulcans, which resulted in the Federation's birth. Bent on revenge, Picard follows the Borg to the 21st century.
Capt. Jean-Luc Picard commands the newest incarnation of the U.S.S. Enterprise, investigating a disaster at an outlying settlement. The catastrophe's sole survivor is Dr. Tolian Soran, who has malevolent plans to use an energy field called the Nexus.
In this comedy based on the semi-biographical stories of Hunter S. Thompson, the gonzo journalist stumbles through a series of wacky adventures (some true, some imagined) from 1968 to 1972, often with his attorney, Carl Lazlo, by his side.
As his life draws to a close, film director James Whale -- the openly gay genius behind The Bride of Frankenstein and The Invisible Man -- befriends a gardener, and both men learn from their unexpected but platonic bond.
Injured in the middle of a break-in, Bobbie and his girlfriend Rosie are taken in by an older junkie couple, Mel and Sid, who enlist them to help in a drug robbery. The four go on the road together, but their allegiance soon begins to crumble.
Baby Bop is curious -- and also a little nervous -- about what it's like to go to school. So Barney and his pals offer to play school with her, and Baby Bop gets to be the teacher. This gentle introduction to preschool shows that school can be fun.
A professor invites three insomniacs to take part in a sleep disorder study at an eerie, isolated mansion. The unfortunate guests soon discover that their host is far more interested in the sinister mansion itself and the true nature of its horror.
The quintessential surf film directed and narrated by
A "normal" teen cheerleader dating the football captain draws suspicion from parents and friends who think she's gay. Shipped off to a camp designed to shove her back in the closet, she meets a tomboy who helps her recognize her sexual orientation.

In this sci-fi fantasy classic, Connor MacLeod returns for the fourth time to battle fellow Immortals for domination. When powerful foe Jacob Kell attacks a beloved sanctuary, Connor breaks out his sword and comes out swinging against evil.
The big purple dinosaur and all his pals bring the big top to town in this song-filled video for the little ones. Through the magic of imagination, Barney turns a parachute into a circus tent and takes on the role of ringmaster. Barney's extravaganza features clowns, jugglers, a tap-dancing duck and a children's marching band. Festive tunes abound, including "When the Circus Comes to Town," "I'm Brushing My Teeth" and "Yankee Doodle."
Super-friendly dinosaur Barney invites his pals BJ and Baby Bop over to his beautiful house, where they sing plenty of songs as they learn about pumpernickel bread, sour pickle faces, rock 'n' roll-singing birds and surfing the Internet.
This lovingly made fantasy, based on R.A. Dick's novel of the same name, centers on a lonely widow (
Bob the Builder and his friends are back with more episodes from their hit television series. In "Bob's Barnraising," Bob and friends have to repair a barn right before a big storm hits. In "Mucky Muck," Muck, Spud and Dizzy get themselves dirty with the help of mud. In "Wendy Plays Golf," Bob traps himself inside a windmill. And in "Magnetic Lofty," Lofty the Crane is fitted with a powerful magnet that soon he soon loses control over.
Delivery man Max Grabelski finds trouble when he discovers that he's uknowingly a participant in a money-laundering scheme. When the guy who hired him ends up dead, Max goes undercover as a scout leader to outrun the cops.
Shot entirely on location, this never-aired episode of the big purple dinosaur's TV show gets up close and personal with the amazing two- and four-legged critters of the Fort Worth Zoo. BJ and Baby Bop come along for the ride.
Shortly after a Scottish archaeologist digs up a wormlike skull on a country estate, enigmatic recluse Lady Sylvia Marsh, the last disciple of an ancient pagan religion, steals the artifact ... and soon local residents begin to vanish.
Teenaged Kelly loves reenacting battles. When he befriends Bart, also a war enthusiast, they decide to take on a school bully by using time-tested strategies. But their friendship is tested when Kelly falls for Bart's sister.
While looking for a new energy source on the shores of a Louisiana river, a divorced couple put their differences aside. But their efforts are disrupted by a pair of thieves trying to retrieve pilfered treasure that lies at the bottom of the stream.
Children who love to sing and dance will be delighted with this music-filled installment of the popular children's show hosted by the world's most famous purple dinosaur. More than 25 songs include "Mr. Sun," "The Airplane Song" and "I Love You."
Barney and his friends gather to teach preschoolers all about colors, shapes and their ABCs. As Barney and his buddies prepare for an art show, they present many interesting examples of shapes and colors, and Barney sings a song called "Mister Sun."
A goofball air traffic controller (
This modernized adaptation of O. Henry's classic tale follows newlyweds Della and Jim as they search for the perfect Christmas gifts. Della wants to buy a vintage steering wheel for Jim's classic car, while he picks out a special lens for her camera.
Helmed by director
What does a good woman have if not a good reputation? While seductress Mrs. Erlynne (
Break out your sunscreen and join everybody's favorite purple dinosaur as he and his friends Baby Bop and BJ spend a fun-filled day at the beach with a lucky group of youngsters. In this installment of the "Let's Go" series, Barney and his buddies fly kites, take a ride in a sailboat, go windsurfing and, of course, sing and dance. Bonus material includes a musical jukebox, a seashell game and a build-a-castle game.
It's time for hoedowns and campfire fun when Bob (funnyman
Music, fun and games accompany Barney and his pals when they visit a firehouse to learn about the exciting work of firefighting. Barney, Riff and BJ can't wait to see a big red fire engine and the sight of a firefighter sliding down a pole. But most of all, they wonder if they'll get to meet a real, live firefighter! Join the beloved purple dinosaur and his best buddies on another warm, kid-friendly adventure.
Bob the Builder and his helpful crew visit real construction sites. Bob takes kids along to watch as holes in the ground gradually turn into completed projects, and he explains the difference between support, arch and suspension bridges.
Practice beats out fun among the performing-arts campers at Camp Starshine, but Yasmin and the rest of the Bratz girls are trying to reverse the trend -- until a high-stakes camp showcase turns everyone into an ultracompetitive solo act.
Everybody's favorite purple dinosaur, Barney, is charged up and ready to celebrate with this collection of highlights from his hugely popular show that's designed to delight children of all shapes and sizes. Packed with plenty of super-dee-duper fun, the best-of compilation includes infectious songs, memorable stories and entertaining activities -- including an elephant ride -- culled from Barney's more than two decades on the air.
Her memory erased by a powerful spell, young Lilith knows nothing of her history as an ancient demon with the mystical power of Darklight. But when the evil Demonicos begins spreading the plague across Earth, Lilith's past catches up with her.
A chartered flight is commandeered by a pair of cops escorting a convicted killer to prison. Before long, the motley crew discovers that a menacing alien has infiltrated the plane, and the only one who can save them is the wisecracking convict.
A mistake sends Thomas down the wrong line, where he meets Hiro, a run-down old engine from a distant land. Shocked to discover that his new friend is destined for the scrapyard, Thomas enlists his pals Kevin and Victor to help save Hiro.
When the Duke and Duchess of Boxford announce a spring party at their summer house, Thomas goes to pick up some eggs and, in the process, pokes fun at poor Cranky. But their innocent spat nearly ruins the festivities for everyone.
As Bob the Builder tackles projects around the team's new home of Fixham Harbor, Spud and Scrambler scour the entire town to track down hidden treasure: Pirate Brickbeard's Golden Hammer.
In this collection of warm and fuzzy mouse tales, eager ballet student Angelina moves to a new school; learns some jazz, tap and hip-hop dance steps; and makes a few new friends along the way.
It's the best Christmas yet when Barney, Baby Bop and BJ take the gang to holiday headquarters at the North Pole and visit with Santa, who explains how his elf-driven workforce helps him get the world's toys out on time.
With Halloween right around the corner, Barney and the gang decide to decorate the school gym for a big party, which means getting crafty with pumpkins and Indian corn and learning how to make not-so-scary spiders.
In this hip-hop drama, street crew Breaking Point and uptight ballet academy students wage a blistering turf battle when mischievous headmistress Helena forces the squads to work out in the same practice space.
Thor and his brother, Baldur, lead a band of Vikings on a quest to find a new settlement, but the land they discover is inhabited by the Vargulf -- bloodthirsty werewolf-like creatures.
This gripping documentary follows three of the more than 400,000 migrant child farm workers in the United States who miss out on childhood and school as they work up to 14 hours a day, seven days a week, without the protection of child labor laws.
When all her son, Jesse, wants for Christmas is a new father, Sarah half-heartedly agrees to go out with several different men. But it looks like a bleak holiday when Jesse warms up to one potential new dad -- and Sarah falls for a different one.
Having fun is getting it done, especially when Bob the Builder and his friends are here to help. Watch and learn as Bob rescues his pal Scruffy, repairs an old theater, builds a stage and throws a surprise birthday party for his best friend, Wendy.
Angelina Ballerina, the young mouse who loves to dance, joins her friends in Chipping Cheddar for fun adventures in the palace, where they solve a mystery, put on a grand ballet for the king and queen, and meet princes, princesses and an evil witch.
The sky's the limit for fun adventures when Thomas and Percy try to bring balloons to Mr. Bubbles's Big Balloon Show. Emily discovers rewards -- and laughs -- in helping others. Kevin tries his hook at Hide and Peep, and Thomas's whistle goes wonky.
School's in session on the Island of Sodor, and there are lessons to be learned: Diesel makes a delivery to the schoolhouse; Percy gets a lesson in responsibility; Henry gets trained in how to handle health and safety emergencies; and more.
All aboard for epic stories of friendships on the rails! Learn how Thomas met his best friend, Percy, for the first time and how Edward helped save Trevor the Tractor Engine from being scrapped.
Your tykes will move and groove to the music with Angelina Ballerina and her friends as they explore the wonderful world of dance. Angelina shows that friendship, like dance, is special -- and best developed one step at a time.
It is a dream come true! Join Angelina Ballerina as she discovers what matters most to any young mouseling in this heart-warming dancing and singing, must-see feature length movie spectacular!
This fascinating documentary follows the battle between a couple of Swedish filmmakers and the Dole Food Company, which conducted a legal and publicity campaign against them to prevent the showing of their film about a lawsuit against the company.
Thom is an unlicensed New York cabbie who takes on the fare of his life when a woman asks him to drive her to California to see her ailing father. In classic rom-com style, the chemistry between the two builds as they make their way west.
Barney and his pals have a great time learning about different methods of transportation, such as bicycles and boats, and their many song-filled adventures include safety tips about helmets, buckling seatbelts and crossing roads carefully.
A group of twenty-something performers -- actors, hip-hop artists, a dancer and a stand-up comedian -- living in the same Los Angeles apartment complex pursue their dreams of Hollywood success and negotiate their sometimes complicated relationships.
A group of twenty-something performers -- actors, hip-hop artists, a dancer and a stand-up comedian -- living in the same Los Angeles apartment complex pursue their dreams of Hollywood success and negotiate their sometimes complicated relationships.

Spanning eight months in the life of a fighter, this film provides the opportunity to discover MMA in a fresh new light. In order to reach the top of the sport, a fighter must suffer and sacrifice a great deal, both physically and financially.
Rebooting the horrific mood of its predecessor, this sequel looses a tide of evil spirits on a happy family moving into their Georgia dream house. After a blood-drenched stranger comes to the door, daughter Heidi begins having frightening visions.
George is trying to share the wonders of springtime with his best friend, Hundley. But when Hundley loses his way in the countryside, George takes to the skies in a wild adventure on a hot air balloon to find his pal!
Frustrated by paper-pushing bureaucrats who have no idea what life on the streets is really like, former narcotics detective and heavy drinker Matt Scudder performs his own brand of detective work.
This quirky documentary follows the journey of a decommissioned school bus from the United States to Guatemala, where it's renovated and resurrected as a brightly colored vehicle that transports Guatemalans to work each day.
A young, aspiring fashion designer believes her positive attitude and sheer determination will help her get whatever she wants out of life. And what Han Se Kyung wants more than anything is to fit into the glitzy, fashion-forward, posh Cheongdam-dong area of Seoul's Gangnam district. When her diligence still gets her treated like a doormat at work, Se Kyung is determined to marry into a rich family to claim her rightful place in upper-crust society.
Can four highly accomplished men in their 40s navigate life and romance to find love and success in urban Korea? Kim Do Jin (

When Arang went missing, her father believed that she had dishonorably eloped with a man so he resigned his position as magistrate out of shame. Legend has it that when a new magistrate arrived in town to fill the position of her father, Arang's vengeful ghost appeared before the person and made him flee in terror. But one day, when the young Lee Eun Oh arrived in town to become the new magistrate, Arang was unable to scare him off. Having the ability to communicate with the dead, the man sympathized with Arang and promised to help her avenge her death.


Sacrificing the chance to develop her talent for piano, Chae Young Rang marries the mogul Yoo Man Se and vows to be a perfect wife. But life has other plans for the pianist, throwing plenty of challenges her way in this popular Korean drama.
Fate can take to you to places - and possibly even time periods - where you're meant to be or needed most. Dr. Eun Soo (Kim Hee Seon) is a modern-day surgeon who is abducted and taken back 700 years into Korean history by Admiral Choi Young (Lee Min Ho), a fierce warrior from Korea's Goryeo Dynasty. Choi Young kidnaps the doctor to help save Princess No Guk (Min Hyo Rin), who is gravely injured after being abducted and then released by the Chinese. Forced to work her healing skills in a time period and place that is foreign to her, Dr. Eun Soo does the best she can with what she has. But when she starts to develop feelings for Choi Young, how can their love survive the time-space continuum? "The Great Doctor," also known as "Faith," is a 2012 South Korean drama series directed by Kim Jong Hak.
Sacrificing the chance to develop her talent for piano, Chae Young Rang marries the mogul Yoo Man Se and vows to be a perfect wife. But life has other plans for the pianist, throwing plenty of challenges her way in this popular Korean drama.

Fate can take to you to places - and possibly even time periods - where you're meant to be or needed most. Dr. Eun Soo (Kim Hee Seon) is a modern-day surgeon who is abducted and taken back 700 years into Korean history by Admiral Choi Young (Lee Min Ho), a fierce warrior from Korea's Goryeo Dynasty. Choi Young kidnaps the doctor to help save Princess No Guk (Min Hyo Rin), who is gravely injured after being abducted and then released by the Chinese. Forced to work her healing skills in a time period and place that is foreign to her, Dr. Eun Soo does the best she can with what she has. But when she starts to develop feelings for Choi Young, how can their love survive the time-space continuum? "The Great Doctor," also known as "Faith," is a 2012 South Korean drama series directed by Kim Jong Hak.
Can four highly accomplished men in their 40s navigate life and romance to find love and success in urban Korea? Kim Do Jin (



When Arang went missing, her father believed that she had dishonorably eloped with a man so he resigned his position as magistrate out of shame. Legend has it that when a new magistrate arrived in town to fill the position of her father, Arang's vengeful ghost appeared before the person and made him flee in terror. But one day, when the young Lee Eun Oh arrived in town to become the new magistrate, Arang was unable to scare him off. Having the ability to communicate with the dead, the man sympathized with Arang and promised to help her avenge her death.
A young, aspiring fashion designer believes her positive attitude and sheer determination will help her get whatever she wants out of life. And what Han Se Kyung wants more than anything is to fit into the glitzy, fashion-forward, posh Cheongdam-dong area of Seoul's Gangnam district. When her diligence still gets her treated like a doormat at work, Se Kyung is determined to marry into a rich family to claim her rightful place in upper-crust society.





A group of twenty-something performers -- actors, hip-hop artists, a dancer and a stand-up comedian -- living in the same Los Angeles apartment complex pursue their dreams of Hollywood success and negotiate their sometimes complicated relationships.



After a botched heist, tough cop Frances Jane is tasked with guarding jewel thief Eddie Cordero, who's handcuffed to a hospital bed. But she finds herself fighting for both their lives when Cordero's boss sends a gang of goons to finish him off.
When a disgruntled politician leads a global campaign to ban the myth of Santa Claus, the world joins his movement. Two children from a small farming community learn about Santa's predicament, and attempt to help Kris Kringle regain his powers.
When tourists visit a European village and agree to observe a pagan ritual in the forest, they become trapped in an alternate fairy tale dimension. They must escape to survive -- but first they need to find the baby who was abducted from the group.

This documentary takes a close look at the history and heroes of mixed martial arts in Mexico, showcasing the career of champion

It's holiday break, and Ira, a Jewish boy with Christmas dreams, trades plane tickets with a boy headed for Christmastown, Wash. When Ira doesn't show up in Florida on schedule, it turns his whole family's holidays upside down.
George and The Man In The Yellow Hat are having a merry time counting down to Christmas. But neither can decide what to give each other. Will they find the answers before Christmas morning?
A prison psychiatrist prepares six female inmates for parole by granting them a weekend furlough, testing their prison rehabilitation, during which each of them has a sexual encounter.
Based on the true story of the notorious World War I flying ace, this drama explores the life of Manfred von Richthofen -- aka the Red Baron -- from his childhood fascination with flying to his renowned career in the German Luftwaffe.
Thanks to Bob the Builder's can-do attitude, anything's possible -- even building a toy train set for Mr. Bentley's birthday and helping a squirrel family find a brand-new home-sweet-home in the treetops. But the best part about working with Bob is that he takes the time to explain how big projects get done in the real world, too, logging onto his faithful laptop and driving his Little Red Truck to live-action worksites.
Girl-crazy Tomoki's quiet life gets turned upside down when beautiful, winged Ikaros falls from the sky and starts calling him master. Her origins are a mystery, but she might have the power to make Tomoki's every dream come true.
Girl-crazy Tomoki's quiet life gets turned upside down when beautiful, winged Ikaros falls from the sky and starts calling him master. Her origins are a mystery, but she might have the power to make Tomoki's every dream come true.
Dedicated to obstructing the Japanese whaling fleet, the crew of the MV Steve Irwin deliberately put themselves in harm's way in this drama-packed reality program, leading to some frightening high-seas confrontations.
Based on a real-life battle, this action epic follows a group of British soldiers stationed in South Africa who must defend their tiny outpost against an attack by an overwhelming force of Zulu warriors.
Writer-director
Horror and sci-fi veteran
When a cigar-smoking Santa takes a break from his duties, playful toys emerge from their cheerfully wrapped boxes in "The Christmas Visitor," one of the six vintage Christmas cartoons and live-action shorts that make up this volume from the Holiday Favorites series. Other titles in the collection include "The Christmas Visit," "The Candle Maker," "The Night Before Christmas," "Christmas Comes But Once a Year" and "Christmas Journey."
Six heartwarming featurettes are included in this volume of holiday favorites ideal for the entire family to enjoy together, including a unique, black-and-white interpretation of Hans Christian Anderson's charming "The Little Match Girl." Other titles in this collection include "The Music Album," "Christmas Carols," "A Collection of Carols," "Santa Claus's Punch
Four shorts, two animated, are included in the first volume of this holiday collection, part of a series designed to give family members young and old an ideal way to celebrate beloved Christmas traditions together. Anthony Jacobs provides the narration for "Star of Bethlehem," a 1950s TV production of the classic Christmas story. Additional titles in this volume include "Silent Night," "Starlight Night" and "Brightest Night."
Seven lively shorts -- each capturing a different aspect of holiday tales and traditions -- are combined in this collection created especially for the whole family to enjoy together. Featured films in the volume include "Santa's Surprise," "Jerky Turkey," "Hector's Hectic Life" and the 1949 follow-the-bouncing-ball sing-along classic "Snow Foolin'," in which members of the critter world enjoy fun wintertime activities.
Christmastime becomes even merrier with this collection of lively holiday-themed animated shorts, the second volume of a series designed to provide seasonal entertainment that the whole family can enjoy together. Titles include "The Snowman," "Somewhere in Dreamland," "Jack Frost" and the Depression-era "The Shanty Where Santy Lives," which finds good Mr. Claus whisking a poor lad from shantytown to his own much jollier North Pole shanty.
An affluent couple lives in the Mexican countryside with their two adorable children. But their idyllic surroundings belie a disturbing existence where violence and suffering are commonplace and light and darkness struggle to eliminate one another.
When a financially suffering town turns to an unlikely source -- its water plant -- for hope, no one expects $10,000 water bills and worse. This doc reveals the drastic policies enacted by an emergency financial manager, and their shocking effects.
Miss Universe Canada
One of Great Britain's top comedians and star of his own hit series,
Frustrated comedian

After his nun mother makes an unholy deal to guarantee his survival, Aman grows up to become a mysterious and invincible gunman. But the deal includes a curse: Everyone Aman kills will come back to life in this zombie Western.
Searching for answers about what happened to their friend who vanished while they vacationed in Cambodia together, Steph, Alice and Dave discover a shocking truth -- and must deal with the consequences as more secrets are revealed.
Set in the 14th century, this powerful epic centers on the fate of Europe and the survival of the Khan dynasty when the Tatar queen goes blind -- and only St. Alexius, the Metropolitan of Moscow, can cure her.
Writer and philosopher



The world-famous super-powered snail, Turbo, continues his pursuit of racing greatness along with his adrenaline-junkie crew who thirst for adventure, attempt outrageous stunts, race on the coolest tracks, and take on the craziest challengers.
Years after her parents were brutally murdered, Sawa protects the innocent and coldly kills criminals as a college student by day and a vigilante by night, taking her assignments from her adoptive father, a corrupt detective.
Falsely accused of stealing sneakers, a nerdy teenager is sent to a detention camp, where he and the other delinquents are forced by the sadistic warden to dig holes as a character-building exercise. But what's the real reason for all the digging?
Ordinary high schooler Monaka is hiding a dark secret: She is the cold and mysterious assassin known to the cops as the Angel of Death. Her past is tied to a murderous detective, while her future is destined for a duel with the person she loves most.
Waking up from a 30-year coma, Master Law finds his memories gone but his martial arts skills intact -- a good thing, since his once-renowned kung fu academy is now a teahouse, and greedy developers are trying to steamroll it to make way for condos.


In this humorous faith-based tale, disillusioned pastor Rich Chaplin -- who's lost sight of everything that matters -- gets much more than he bargained for when he wishes he could experience life from a different perspective.
After moving to the country to cope with illness, city girl Suni befriends a mute boy who appears to have literally been raised by wolves. But violent conflict brews when another man seeks Suni's attention.
A luxury high-rise building in Seoul is hosting a fabulous Christmas party for its wealthy tenants and guests. But the soire turns into a nightmare when two helicopters collide over the tower, starting a deadly fire.
Scat, an unmotivated slacker with unapplied genius potential, hatches a million-dollar idea for an energy drink. But in order to see it through, he has to learn to trust his attractive corporate counterpart, who may be out to steal his idea.
A sexy and hilarious spoof about a couple who have just moved into a new home to consummate their relationship, but find peril around every corner due to an evil presence that haunts them whenever they attempt to be intimate.
This outrageous crime thriller follows the brutal journey of a girl named
When local yakuza turn her old master's dojo into a gambling house and lay waste to the entire neighborhood, fearless warrior
Years after someone murdered her karate master father and kidnapped her sister Natsuki, Ayaka uses her skills to thwart a gang of burglars and attracts the attention of the very gang that took her sister.
Forced to commit murder by a trio of sadistic thugs, mild-mannered Nami Matsushima lands in women's prison, where she learns to survive through violence. But Nami eventually escapes -- and sets out on a blood-spattered quest for revenge.
A group of teenagers, on a trip to the woods, is attacked by a crowd of zombies. Unfortunately, one of them has an unusual tie to the undead, and one of them holds the key to their escape.
A mechanized robotic weapon has been sent into the barren wasteland of Kikaijima, a colossal floating island hanging above Japan, where deadly forces that were once thought dormant have reawakened.
In a chaotic future world teeming with zombies created by a mad scientist, feuding sisters Aya and Saki must set aside their differences and band together to save Japan from their new enemy and her enormous army of the undead.



Unicron is revived and takes over Megatron's body to seek revenge on the Autobots in this feature-length conclusion to the Transformers Prime series. The Autobots and Decepticons must unite to stop Unicron from sabotaging Cybertron's restoration.

Ultra-suave forger and con man Neal Caffrey always dresses impeccably, even when he's prison-bound after FBI Agent Peter Burke captures him. To avoid jail, Neal signs on to help Peter catch other white-collar thieves but conceals an ulterior motive.
Exploring humankind's unsettling capacity for evil, this darkly twisted drama plays upon the power of supernatural fears and everyday horrors. Each season brings back familiar faces, but they're playing different characters in an all-new setting.
When a street drug turns junkies into an army of zombies, Hunter finds himself with nothing but a beat-up car and a trunk full of guns and booze. Eventually, he stumbles across a small band of survivors.
Robo Knight learns the true meaning of the holidays from a group of children when he is mistaken for a donated Christmas toy and is shipped in a charity crate to a far-off foreign land.


Investigation Discovery peers into a world of high-stakes, fortune and bloodshed that the rest of us aren't meant to see, where family dynasties implode and idyllic millionaire lifestyles turn into murder scenes.


After physician Barbara Houghton finds herself seduced by the spirit of a Civil War vet inhabiting her home, she vows to bring him back to life. But the doc's obsession also leads her to discover the man's dark past, putting her own life in jeopardy.
After avoiding jail, Robbie vows to turn his life around for his newborn son. He has a talent for discerning fine whiskeys, and he and his community service cohorts hatch a plan to lift a few expensive bottles to buy themselves a better future.
Newly coupled Chris and Tina embark on an RV road trip to take in England's unique sights and rolling countryside. But as events and people inadvertently raise Chris's ire, the trip takes a gory wrong turn.
Spinning off from
Anna Maria is an X-ray technician who spends her free time lugging a statue of the Virgin Mary through Vienna, hoping to convert her fellow citizens. But her mission is derailed by the sudden reappearance of her long-lost husband, an Egyptian Muslim.
When high-spirited CeCe Jones and sweet-natured Rocky Blue land roles as backup dancers on a local TV show, they juggle rising stardom, schoolwork and distracting brothers, while a twin-sibling dancing team keeps them on their toes in the studio.
A shy sound engineer who normally works on documentaries agrees to do a depraved horror film crafted by an Italian film master, only to discover that the dysfunction surrounding the project blurs fiction and reality.
Peter Parker comes of age in an epic tale that finds him torn between his teenage life and a war between SHIELD and villain  Norman Osborn. The series follows 16-year-old Peter as he comes to terms with his origins and new abilities.
Little is known about the chemistry between two people that sparks a killing rampage. Forensic psychologists and criminal profilers uncover horrifying clues and reveal the true stories of people driven by love to commit murder.
Pizza boy Philip J. Fry awakens in the 31st century after 1,000 years of cryogenic preservation in this animated series. After he gets a job at an interplanetary delivery service, Fry embarks on ridiculous escapades to make sense of his predicament.
Via the rose-tinted memories of the women who lived it, this engaging documentary chronicles the fleeting cultural phenomenon that was "The Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling," a weekly show that elevated its female grapplers to star status in the 1980s.

Grieving after his wife's recent suicide, Richard Barnett (
Narcissistic friends Charlie, Mac, Dennis, and Dennis's sister, Dee, run Paddy's Pub, a downtown Philadelphia Irish bar, where everyone's judgmental (and juvenile) behavior usually brings situations from uncomfortable to hysterically horrible.


When the Jacks adopt a dachshund, the runt of a litter, from their local shelter, they don't know that she's destined for greatness. Little Shelly proves to be a racing champ, and in no time earns a spot in the prestigious Wiener Dog Nationals.



Director
Nixon himself wasn't the only one obsessively recording his presidency; three of his top aides were filming it, too, with Super 8 cameras. These home movies -- from
When an illegal-drug manufacturer gets arrested after a wild attempt to evade capture, police captain Zhang Lei senses an opportunity. But after convincing the man to betray his own cronies, Zhang wonders if he's not the one being played.
After testifying against the Mafia, ex-gangster Frank Tagliano enters witness protection and asks to be sent to Norway. Despite the peaceful surroundings, it's not long before Frank strays from the straight and narrow.
When a mob boss tries to whack him, wise guy Frank Tagliano enters the witness protection program and relocates to Norway with a new identity. Instead of laying low, Frank buys a night club and organizes his own gang in his new home of "Lilyhammer."
While juggling his many responsibilities as head writer for "The Alan Brady Show," committed family man Rob attempts to keep his sophisticated housewife, Laura, and lovable son, Ritchie, happy amid all sorts of unexpected crises.
While juggling his many responsibilities as head writer for "The Alan Brady Show," committed family man Rob attempts to keep his sophisticated housewife, Laura, and lovable son, Ritchie, happy amid all sorts of unexpected crises.
While juggling his many responsibilities as head writer for "The Alan Brady Show," committed family man Rob attempts to keep his sophisticated housewife, Laura, and lovable son, Ritchie, happy amid all sorts of unexpected crises.
While juggling his many responsibilities as head writer for "The Alan Brady Show," committed family man Rob attempts to keep his sophisticated housewife, Laura, and lovable son, Ritchie, happy amid all sorts of unexpected crises.
Set on a fictional slice of the Channel Islands, this engrossing series follows three families caught on the islands at the beginning of World War II, capturing their experiences as they grapple with the stress of daily life and global conflict.
Playing straight man to partners half his size, ventriloquist
No topic is sacred as funnyman
In this fascinating A
South Africa's Winnie Mandela, one of the most galvanizing public figures in modern history, comes to life in this absorbing biopic. Though it traces Winnie's whole story, the film hinges on the Apartheid-era imprisonment that would define her image.


Living in the shadow of their police chief father, two detective brothers commit the ultimate crime while interrogating a suspect, and the fear of being caught turns their lives into a downward spiral of guilt and paranoia.
Comedian
This sidesplitting special follows the comedian's journey to survive in a world that seems intent on crushing his spirit. Everything's on the table, from people who don't believe in science to his misadventures in the romance department.
While juggling his many responsibilities as head writer for "The Alan Brady Show," committed family man Rob attempts to keep his sophisticated housewife, Laura, and lovable son, Ritchie, happy amid all sorts of unexpected crises.
Set on a fictional slice of the Channel Islands, this engrossing series follows three families caught on the islands at the beginning of World War II, capturing their experiences as they grapple with the stress of daily life and global conflict.

Facing a sex-obsessed culture, a mountain of stereotypes and misconceptions, and a lack of social or scientific research, asexuals -- people who experience no sexual attraction -- struggle to claim their identity.
Rock band The Aquabats embark on a never-ending quest to right wrongs, destroy boredom and seek justice for all in a blend of live-action and animated crime-fighting spoofs aimed at kids of all ages.


The United States' appetite for prescription drugs is the focus of this sober documentary, which aims to illuminate a national health crisis. Americans represent just 5 percent of the world population but consume 80 percent of its pharmaceuticals.
Dreams come true at Manhattan's famous Kleinfeld Bridal boutique in this TLC reality series, which chronicles the daily retail drama as staff members bust their booties to accommodate clients' outsized expectations and oversized budgets. Demanding brides, bossy relatives, last-minute weight gains, outlandish requests and catfight-provoking sales guarantee that there's never a dull moment in this high-stakes salon.

Ventriloquist
Hilarious without being raunchy,
After a plane crash leaves her permanently scarred, a sheltered young woman loses her faith and sets off for Las Vegas to experience her wild side. With two unlikely companions, she goes out to see what she's been missing -- and find her true self.
Lily and Alison struggle to overcome the boredom of being teenagers in a small town. When they meet three street kids and follow them to Los Angeles, the girls learn just how far they're willing to go to find their freedom and remain friends.

An anxious teacher at an underperforming school sets out on a road trip with some students to enter the kids in a Christmas song competition. Overwhelmed, he gets them lost in the wilderness and has to lead them to safety -- as well as to victory!
While juggling his many responsibilities as head writer for "The Alan Brady Show," committed family man Rob attempts to keep his sophisticated housewife, Laura, and lovable son, Ritchie, happy amid all sorts of unexpected crises.
At a Long Beach carnival a gypsy fortune teller hypnotizes her customers, throws acid in their faces, and turns them into caged zombies. Starring director Steckler as
After being exposed to an overdose of radiation, Dr. David Bruce Banner morphs into a ferocious, gigantic green man whenever he becomes agitated. As Banner looks for ways to reverse his condition, he travels from town to town helping others in need.
A lost horizon greets the Mystery Science Theater hosts as they endure this road flick about a rider (
On board the Satellite of Love, the required viewing this time is a ripe Roger Corman product in which a pilot crashes near a remote base, drawing the eye of an ill-behaved alien. The astronaut then is forced to bear the eggs of the motherly beast. Ever on the edge of sanity, "Mystery Science Theater 3000" host Mike Nelson and sidekicks Crow T. Robot and Tom Servo break up the screening with baby talk and trombone music.
Joel Robinson and his band of merry robots continue the cavalcade of sarcastic humor that can only be "MST3K." This time out, the boys take on The Unearthly, in which a mad scientist creates havoc when an experiment to stop the aging process goes awry.
Mike Nelson and his robot cohorts take on this 1964 "classic" with the biting sarcastic humor that became the hallmark of "MST3K." In The Atomic Brain, a rich, elderly woman wants her doctor to transplant her brain into the body of a young captive.
A spinoff from the long-running "Doctor Who," this wild sci-fi series chronicles the exploits of the mysterious Capt. Jack Harkness, who leads the Torchwood Institute team in the fight against hostile alien life forms.
Once the scourge of Tokyo, Gamera, the monstrous fire-spitting turtle, returns to save the day when a lizard with glacial breath threatens the city. It's terrapin vs. reptile in an unholy battle with humanity itself at stake.
This documentary highlights the work of Father Gregory Boyle, a Jesuit priest who created Homeboy Industries -- a revolutionary program for at-risk youth which has become the most successful gang intervention program in the U.S.
Weaving together the stories of several fascinating Americans living with bipolar disorder, this documentary explores their triumphant highs, despairing lows and struggles to survive in a culture that doesn't always understand them.
Rock band The Aquabats embark on a never-ending quest to right wrongs, destroy boredom and seek justice for all in a blend of live-action and animated crime-fighting spoofs aimed at kids of all ages.

Inspired by the hit 1980s cartoon, this updated animated series follows Lucky, Cookie and the rest of the dogs in Shelter 17 as they carry out their clandestine mission: to help every dog that comes to the pound find a new and loving home.
A vacation in Turkey meant to help an American tourist get over a recent breakup goes seriously awry when he ends up in Armenia accused of spying. Luckily for the tourist, he also meets a beautiful Armenian woman who risks her safety to save him.
When South Africa shook off the grip of apartheid in the 1990s, a wealth of new cultural forms emerged, including an energetic punk rock scene. This documentary vividly recollects both the spirit of the time and the intensity of the music.
One night five friends are out drinking, the next they're struggling to survive in a landscape controlled by alien invaders in this sci-fi chiller. Anarchy is in the air as an enormous spacecraft hovers overhead and order breaks down on the ground.
In
Five students retrace the steps of a group of hikers who famously perished in Russia's Ural Mountains more than five decades prior. It isn't long, however, before trouble besets the new group of adventurers in this found-footage chiller.

Yearning to leave behind a difficult existence in the Middle East, Ibrahim Jarrah wins the green card lottery for a chance to become an American citizen. He arrives the day before the September 11 attacks, which forever change his life.
Brutality can emerge from even the closest community, as seen in this series that investigates violent murders that rocked small-town America. Gripping profiles of puzzling cases feature interviews, dramatizations and archival footage.


Meatball is a carefree, wisecracking country dog. Cassie is Hollywood's most pampered pet They couldn't be more different, and when their owners marry and move the entire blended family to the rural north, the claws come out.
Left brain and right brain duke it out and then belt out a tune in comedian
A brawl with the ref at his son's basketball game earns a sports reporter some community service as a Salvation Army bell ringer for Christmas. As with everything in life, he sees the job as a competition, but there's a reality check in his future.
Having married the beautiful Ursula and fathered a child, clumsy ape-man George is perfectly content. But soon, all is not well in George's jungle kingdom as Really Mean Lion challenges him for the throne and his mother-in-law schemes against him.
Acclaimed Thai action director
Drawing on the nonfiction books Fast Food Nation and The Omnivore's Dilemma, director


This addictive series follows the Gallaghers -- a brood of six led by jobless single father Frank -- who live in public housing and are blissfully unaware of the family's dysfunction, while dad tries to maintain his sanity with help from a bottle.
Vacationing with a couple in their mountain retreat, a woman finds herself alone at the cabin one afternoon, inexplicably trapped by an invisible wall. Her isolation behind the barrier grows more surreal as hours, then days, then weeks pass.
In 2010, playwright and actor

Already hailed as a definitive work on the subject, this comprehensive documentary examines the disappearance of honeybee populations worldwide. Cutting-edge filmmaking illustrates the causes and consequences of this alarming phenomenon.
In this perfect blend of satire and sincerity, a dysfunctional family gets turned on its head when the 'perfect' exchange student moves in. Every member of the van End family is preoccupied with his or her own peculiar fixation.
On islands that float on strawberry milk rivers, surrounded by tall mushroom trees, live the whimsical Lala-Oopsies princess ballerinas, fairies and mermaids. Join them as they embark on a fantastical journey to save their precious homes.
Forced to leave her upscale city life and struggling to get used to her new home, spoiled teen Dani is given an orphaned horse to foster and train. In caring for her horse, Dani learns how to care for others and how to accept the changes in her life.
Pingu and his pals are up to some icy antics in this 12-episode collection that has the young penguin pretending to be a superhero and more. Join the fun as Pingu finds treasure, tries to catch the biggest fish and climbs a mountain with his dad!
When someone poisons popular models in Paris, Cloe, Yasmin, Jade and Sasha go undercover as supermodels to solve the mystery. There is no mystery that the Bratz cannot solve with teamwork!
While celebrating in Las Vegas during spring break, a group of college kids disturbs an Egyptian relic, inadvertently stirring up an ancient curse that unleashes a devastating windstorm on the city. Can they find a way to stop the destruction?
The citizens of Egypt take to the streets of Cairo and seize control of their government after years of corrupt rule in this inspiring documentary that captures a popular revolution as it battles police, the military and even special interest groups.
This valentine to one of Los Angeles' most celebrated thoroughfares reveals its nearly 100-year history and its significance in culture worldwide. Photos and interviews capture the Strip and famed habitus from mobsters to Hugh Hefner to
Songs and fun with Mumfie and friends in their Christmas story. They travel to the North Pole to find snow which they find and more! A magical Snowbird and a naughty reindeer. They bring home more laughter and a happy Christmas and a new adventure.
Getting into the holiday spirit or setting a wintery mood has never been so easy. Snowy background scenes -- filmed in the rugged mountains of the Pacific Northwest -- appear every few minutes and are accompanied to the tune of some beloved carols.




The Snow Queen created the world of eternal winter where the polar wind cools human souls and clearness of lines obscure emotions. A girl named Gerda, her pet ferret Luta, and Orme the troll must save her brother Kai and the world.
Upbeat and family-friendly, this animated retelling of Shakespeare's enduring romance finds two star-crossed seals falling deeply in love despite the objections of their warring parents.
Brothers Paolo and
When an oddball guest drops dead at their dinner table, the Thompsons bury the body in a misguided attempt at dignity -- and end up murder suspects. With the entire town dubbing them the "Family of Killers," the couple struggles to clear their name.
After Cuban teenager Raul is accused of assault, he and his best friend decide to flee the country and make the 90-mile journey to the United States. Elio's twin sister -- whom he is reluctant to leave behind -- narrates their harrowing story.
In this documentary, three meat- and cheese-loving New Yorkers agree to adopt a vegan diet for six weeks. Lured with true tales of weight lost and health regained, they begin to uncover the hidden sides of animal agriculture.
This documentary chronicles glass pipe-making from the origins of the "color-changing" pipe to the radical emerging art movement it has become. Pioneering new glass-working techniques, pipe makers have created a whole new genre of American folk art.


This luscious celebration of fruit showcases tasty treats and follows a host of enthusiasts -- fruit detectives seeking rare variations, a scientist breeding fungus-resistant bananas, and even actor


With unprecedented access, this documentary captures
Upon the death of a celebrated playwright, his actor friends gather to view a recording of his play in which they've all appeared over the years. As they watch, memories take them back to their stage roles, and each reflects on life, love and death.
This documentary blends interviews, rare archival footage and live performances to profile the folk music legends who made the eclectic New York neighborhood one of the most politically important and culturally hip places to be in the 1960s.
The craft that he learned at his grandfather's knee turned into a lifelong obsession for legendary illusionist
To impress a client, investment adviser Ken agrees to spend a week as a counselor at a camp for troubled kids. But he gets more than he bargained for when he forges a bond with 10-year-old Eli, whose life so far has been marked by abuse and neglect.
Packed with archival footage and interviews, this absorbing documentary explores the history of Memphis rock band Big Star, which experienced commercial failure and critical acclaim, garnering a cult following and influencing artists such as REM.
Trying to fit into modern society is a vexing -- and often impossible -- challenge for a genius werewolf, a flighty ghost and an urbane vampire who share a household in this engaging supernatural drama.




The Leatherface saga continues where the 1974 horror classic left off. When a young woman travels to Texas to collect her inheritance, she discovers that the brutal chainsaw-yielding madman is part of the bequest.
The greatest fairy tale never told gets a musical makeover in this colorful, Tony Award-winning Broadway production based on the hit movie. The film's lovable characters come to life as never before through a fantastic score of 17 all-new songs.
Evil cyborgs and their dinosaur sidekicks leave the future to chase a runaway human slave (
While sulking in the California desert, misfit teenager Billy Duncan (
Not to be confused with the Robert Downey Jr. blockbuster, as a mob of monsters invades London, Dr. Watson believes that the creatures exist but Holmes suspects that Spring-Heeled Jack is responsible in this low-budget take on the classic character.
After she helplessly watches a notorious outlaw and his ruthless gang slay her husband and two sons, a young frontier woman turns to a legendary bounty hunter and pleads for lessons in how to wield a gun.

Five mountaineering friends on vacation in the Scottish Highlands stumble upon a tiny chamber in the woods, in which a young Serbian girl is trapped. But when they free her and try to take her to safety, they become the kidnappers' next targets.
Living in a women-only apartment building with other social misfits, bashful artist Tsukimi brings home a stylish beauty who is actually a man in disguise. But the interloper proves to be a godsend when he prevents their impending eviction.
Although Trius has been sent to begin the colonization of Earth, he abandons his mission upon hearing music for the first time. When an assassin from his home world arrives, Trius persuades him to join his bluegrass band and save his adopted planet.
Living in a women-only apartment building with other social misfits, bashful artist Tsukimi brings home a stylish beauty who is actually a man in disguise. But the interloper proves to be a godsend when he prevents their impending eviction.
After the devastating loss of her brother and songwriting partner, Hayley begins losing her appreciation of life, including her children and husband. Another musician, Enzo, revives her creative spark but also falls in love with her.
Heading to Stockholm, Sweden, for his third stand-up special,


Continuing its annual summertime tradition of terrifying vacation beachgoers, the Discovery Channel presents a week's worth of shark stories -- plus a couple of grisly bonus episodes -- in this collection spotlighting the ocean's fiercest predator.
Relying on a combination of gut instinct and experience, buyers have to figure out if each house is worth their time and money. But the properties aren't the only factors in this high stakes bidding match; rivalries between buyers can lead to fierce bidding wars to get the homes
From "flippers" and feathers to sequins and "sexy babies," this over-the-top TLC series captures the behind-the-scenes dramas of childhood beauty pageants ... and the cringe-worthy antics of hyper-passionate stage parents.


Relying on a combination of gut instinct and experience, buyers have to figure out if each house is worth their time and money. But the properties aren't the only factors in this high stakes bidding match; rivalries between buyers can lead to fierce bidding wars to get the homes
Spotlighting a small but singular pop cult, this documentary looks at the adult devotees of the animated show "My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic." For the self-described Bronies, their shared obsession rewards them with friendship and fun.
As he researches the life of a composer in Italy, Russian poet Gortchakov is drawn to the mysterious Domenico, who may be a mystic or a madman. Meanwhile, he is tempted to have an affair with his translator and is haunted by dreams of his homeland.
Talented but unproven stock car driver Cole Trickle turns heads on the track. The young hotshot develops a rivalry with a fellow racer that leads to an accident. But with the help of his doctor, Cole just might overcome his injuries -- and his fears.
When Sam and his wealthy girlfriend decide to run off to Las Vegas and get hitched, they steal a Rolls-Royce from the girl's father and head for Sin City as their angry parents, a private eye and a gang of mobsters all give chase.
Cold-hearted TV exec
Named for the Japanese phrase that signals the start of an attack, Tora! Tora! Tora! tells both the American and Japanese versions of the infamous attack on Pearl Harbor that catapulted the United States into World War II.
In this spoof of the Star Wars trilogy, nefarious Dark Helmet hatches a plan to snatch Princess Vespa and steal her planet's air. Space bum Lone Starr and his clueless sidekick fly to the rescue, with help from Yogurt and the power of "The Schwartz."
Martial arts legend
Two down-on-their-luck brothers inherit a run-down mansion that turns out to be worth millions. They can sell it and pocket a fortune, but first they have to evict its diminutive tenant: a mouse with no intention of leaving.
Wise parrot Paulie (voiced by
Retired kickboxer Jake Raye travels to the Philippines to claim his brother's ashes, and soon finds himself on a quest for the truth behind his death. To capture the killer and exact revenge, Jake must enter a top martial arts competition.
Ex-con Rudy poses as his former cellmate Nick so he can meet Nick's alluring pen pal, Ashley. But Ashley has less romantic reasons for befriending Nick. Rudy soon discovers Ashley and her brother are plotting a heist that requires his participation.
Charming sociopath Tom Ripley maneuvers into the lush life of Dickie, a young heir vacationing in Italy. Hired to persuade Dickie to return to America, Tom embraces Dickie's posh lifestyle and takes extreme measures to hold onto it.
An international search for a rare copy of a demonic tome, "The Nine Gates of the Shadow Kingdom," brings an unscrupulous book dealer deep into a world of murder, double-dealing and Satanic worship in director
Inner-city dweller Ghost Dog rises above the chaos that surrounds him by adopting the strict lifestyle of the samurai warrior in director
With a chiseled chin and physique, Patrick Bateman's looks make him the ideal yuppie -- and the ideal serial killer. Bateman takes pathological pride in his business card and his CD collection, all while plotting his next victim's vivisection.
Ronald and Sara Lisbon are raising five alluring, adolescent daughters on a short leash in 1970s suburbia. When the youngest, Cecilia, kills herself, Sara attempts to shelter the rest of them from intrigued neighborhood boys.
Five scantily clad co-eds, unaware that their new sorority house was the site of a murder, inadvertently raise the killer's spirit with a ouija board. When the ghost possesses one of the girls, her generously endowed sisters must run for their lives.
While trying to get home to his family in Chicago for Thanksgiving, marketing executive Neal Page runs into one disaster after another -- which includes being stuck with insufferable salesman Del Griffith as his unshakable traveling companion.
A groundbreaking film at the time of its release, director
A speech teacher uses unconventional methods to reach his hearing-impaired students, but can't make headway with the school's deaf custodian, who thinks it's better to stay in the safety of her voiceless milieu than to contend with a callous world.
With the peaceful planet of Akir in peril, seven mercenaries join forces to protect it from the plottings of an intergalactic megalomaniac in this Roger Corman-produced sci-fi fantasy inspired by Seven Samurai.
When the Japanese overrun Singapore during World War II, many women and children end up in a prison camp. Although they are of different ages, nationalities and backgrounds, the women form a bond as they cope with the brutal behavior of their captors and the lack of food and medical care.
A sequence of random but life-altering incidents conspire to link a group of Los Angeles denizens from disparate economic and social classes, leading to epiphanies about responsibilities and relationships in director
Four Harlem homeboys kick their troublesome habits up a notch in this intense urban drama. Torn between his dream of becoming a rap DJ and his devotion to his friends, "Q" (

Straight-laced dentist Frank wants only to do a good day's work alongside his hygienist and fiance, Jean. But things change when he meets beautiful Susan Ivey, and Frank's tidy life soon becomes a comic quagmire of sex, drugs and murder.
Tom Joad, a Depression-era everyman, leads his poor family on a harrowing journey from Oklahoma's Dust Bowl to the promised land of California in this adaptation of John Steinbeck's classic novel.
With furthering his career in mind, an insurance clerk lends his apartment to his adulterous higher-ups for their amorous affairs. But his fast track to an executive suite gets derailed when he becomes involved with his boss's latest conquest.
Three American working women pin their hopes for love on wishes they make as they toss coins into the famous Trevi Fountain in Rome. Their wishes come true ... but only after a series of dramatic misunderstandings on their quest for true romance.
Gothamites Sam and Molly see their romance shattered when a street thug kills Sam during a mugging. But love endures beyond the grave when a spectral Sam learns that Molly is in danger, and he must find a way to warn her before she suffers his fate.
Sugar Ray, the proprietor of an illegal casino in 1920s Harlem, must contend with mobsters and corrupt cops who want to put him out of business. But with the help of his promising heir, he pulls out all the stops to stay afloat.
Based on the Jules Verne novel, this family-friendly fantasy film follows an expedition team en route to the center of the earth -- an adventure that is fraught with peril from careening boulders, falling stalactites and weird dinosaurs.
This first Star Trek film reunites the U.S.S. Enterprise's original crew from the 1960s television show. Capt. James T. Kirk (
In a backwater Iowa town, Gilbert struggles to take care of his mentally disabled brother, Arnie, and provide for the rest of his family. But after falling for the stranded Becky, Gilbert discovers exciting new possibilities for his life.
When a 2,000-year-old magician kidnaps his friend's fiance, two-fisted trucker Jack Burton and sexy attorney Gracie Law must navigate a shadowy world filled with supernatural creatures and spectacular action to capture the culprit.
The girlfriend of a radical guerilla leader named Django, buxom bad girl Blossom and her man devise a plan to liberate the inmates of a local women's prison when Django's mercenary friends itch for some female companionship.
Tired of his struggle to make ends meet, Beans decides that crime is the way to get paid, so he and his crew of bad boys take over the city. But Beans finds trouble and pays a price everywhere he turns -- with his family, the cops and rival gangs.

Easygoing Sean's troublemaking roommate Dee-Loc, who works at the local car wash, helps Sean get a job. But when a pair of goofball hoodlums kidnap the car wash's owner, Sean and Dee-Loc find they'll need to raise a lot of cash to rescue their boss.
Pursuing his boss's killers, Detroit cop Axel Foley reteams with Los Angeles detective Billy Rosewood when the trail leads to a Southern California theme park that's a front for a counterfeiting ring run by the gang who shot Foley's police chief.
After four years, American teenager Lucy Harmon (
The lives of an egocentric attorney and a recovering alcoholic dangerously collide when their cars crash on an expressway. After the accident, the lawyer finds he's left behind a file with the other driver, sparking a vengeful game of one-upmanship.
Young 15-year-old Oscar Grubman is sensitive and compassionate, speaks French fluently and can quote Voltaire; females gravitate toward him. In fact, Oscar could probably have any woman he wants -- but he's fallen in love with his stepmother.
Legendary womanizer Marcus Graham finally meets his match when Jacqueline comes into his life. She's his new boss -- but she's also not like most women he meets. When she turns her game on him, Marcus starts to question his lifestyle.
Over a year after a tragic chase that ended with the death of a baby, undercover cop Nick Tellis hits rock bottom. But when another undercover cop is killed in the line of duty, street-smart Tellis is summoned to take on the case.
A humanoid envoy from another world lands in Washington, D.C., with a warning to Earth's people to cease their violent behavior. But panic erupts when a nervous soldier shoots the messenger, and his robot companion tries to destroy the capital.
Enticed by a tidy sum, a veteran hit man interrupts his domestic life to travel to Argentina to ice a brutal retired general. As the assassin waits for the right moment to take out his target, he passes the time with a willowy young dancer.
Four buxom young ladies in their final year of nursing school demonstrate an aptitude for hands-on care in this drive-in classic. Each student embarks on her own lusty adventure, from LSD trips to seducing revolutionaries.
Fed up with her boyfriend, live-wire Arkansas waitress Louise Sawyer (
A mysterious and immortal Tibetan kung fu master who has spent the last 60 years traveling around the world protecting the ancient Scroll of the Ultimate, mentors a selfish street kid in the ancient intricacies of kung fu.
Two L.A. teens with summer jobs at Good Burger try to save their small restaurant when a corporate giant burger franchise moves in across the street. Will their special secret sauce save Good Burger and their jobs?
A tiny cadre of Greek warriors from Sparta defend a mountain pass at Thermopylae against the overwhelming invasion of a vicious Persian Army. Led by King Leonidis, the Spartans' army consisted primarily of a security force that guarded the palace.
Living in 1995 but still nestled in 1970s kitsch, the Brady clan -- father Mike, mother Carol and their brood of six -- must come up with $20,000 fast to save their split-level suburban home from developers.
Various odd characters converge at a grand hotel in Venice, where a documentary film crew is following another crew that's filming a period tragedy. As the director and producer engage in a battle of wills, the hotel staff conspires against them all.
When Mary, a devout senior at a Christian high school, accidentally gets pregnant, she starts to see her peers and her faith in a whole new way in this darkly comic coming-of-age story that was produced by R.E.M. front man Michael Stipe.
Seemingly meek Pinky gets a job at a nursing home and befriends the loquacious Millie. Their unusual friendship turns strangely eerie when they decide to be roommates and begin to change in surprising and unexpected ways.
This documentary peers into the controversial and often dangerous operations of the Al Jazeera news network, an outlet that's become the most accepted informational resource in the Arab community -- even though it often enrages its own people. Egyptian-American filmmaker
Tag along with lovable Funshine Bear as he takes an excursion to the whimsical land of Joke-a-Lot and learns a serious lesson along the way: that sometimes true friendship isn't something to joke about.
A teenager who's been mute since witnessing his father's tragic death falls from a bridge into the titular fantasy world, where he meets his mysterious grandfather and a beautiful, mercurial girl. There, the boy must confront his fears of mortality.
Psychiatry intern Clark Stevens investigates the murder of a nurse at Cunningham Hall Mental Facility, home to a slew of dangerous psychotics. Soon, he encounters supernatural forces that would drive any sane person mad.
A mother's worst nightmare becomes a reality for Susan Selky (
Whether at home in cozy Cabot Cove or on the road promoting her popular mystery novels, charming author Jessica Fletcher (

Private detective Michael Shayne is back for another whodunit. This time, the bodies of an actress and a Broadway producer turn up at the site of Michael's wedding, much to the dismay of his bride-to-be.
Pack your bags for Care-a-Lot and enjoy this heartwarming animated tale about wishing on a star and the surprises it brings. When Wish Bear calls on Twinkers, her wish star, for a new crop of friends, things don't turn out as she planned. The she-bear soon finds that it takes more than wishes to make her dreams come true, but with the help of her fellow Care Bear friends, she learns that anything is possible -- if you care enough, that is.
Master of the suspense
Spring in the air, and Wysteria the gardening pony is planning the Spring Promenade, the year's most elaborate parade.When Wysteria suddenly finds herself the Princess of Ponyville, however, she is no longer allowed to help organize the festivities!
Whether at home in cozy Cabot Cove or on the road promoting her popular mystery novels, charming author Jessica Fletcher (
Whether at home in cozy Cabot Cove or on the road promoting her popular mystery novels, charming author Jessica Fletcher (
Eleven-year-old Akeelah Anderson is determined to spell her way out of South Los Angeles and make it to the National Spelling Bee in Washington, D.C. With a tutor behind her, Akeelah may even show her pessimistic mother she has what it takes to win.
Psychiatric administrator Dr. Thorndyke finds some bizarre shenanigans occurring at the Psychoneurotic Institute for the Very, Very Nervous. But when he's framed for murder, Dr. Thorndyke must confront his own neurotic demons to clear his name.
In this My Little Pony adventure, a horned filly named Rarity is busy learning how to create the first rainbow of the season so that she can become a princess of Unicornia. But before she can learn her lesson, her curiosity lands her far from home.
Whether at home in cozy Cabot Cove or on the road promoting her popular mystery novels, charming author Jessica Fletcher (
Whether at home in cozy Cabot Cove or on the road promoting her popular mystery novels, charming author Jessica Fletcher (

Whether at home in cozy Cabot Cove or on the road promoting her popular mystery novels, charming author Jessica Fletcher (
In this modern-day fairy tale, a young woman cursed with the nose of a pig lives her entire life in seclusion -- until an unlikely beau stumbles onto the scene and convinces her to celebrate her inner beauty.

Whether at home in cozy Cabot Cove or on the road promoting her popular mystery novels, charming author Jessica Fletcher (
Whether at home in cozy Cabot Cove or on the road promoting her popular mystery novels, charming author Jessica Fletcher (
Whether at home in cozy Cabot Cove or on the road promoting her popular mystery novels, charming author Jessica Fletcher (
Whether at home in cozy Cabot Cove or on the road promoting her popular mystery novels, charming author Jessica Fletcher (
Whether at home in cozy Cabot Cove or on the road promoting her popular mystery novels, charming author Jessica Fletcher (
Whether at home in cozy Cabot Cove or on the road promoting her popular mystery novels, charming author Jessica Fletcher (
After a recent med school grad lands an internship at a prestigious pathology unit in a Philadelphia hospital, he soon finds his new colleagues have some pathological tendencies themselves.



This prequel to National Lampoon's cult hit Van Wilder takes us to the beginning of young Van's college career and reveals how the charismatic slacker became the indomitable party animal we've come to know and love.
After an accident on a field trip grants Rodger, Max, Caruso, Fiona and Buzz the ability to turn into dinosaurs, the teens use their powers to fight evil foes, including Victor Veloci, a cunning velociraptor intent on destroying humankind. Led by their telepathic science teacher, the members of the Dino Squad struggle to balance normal teen life with the responsibilities involved in saving the world.
This charming sitcom follows teenager Cake, a dynamic do-it-yourselfer who starts a public access arts-and-crafts show in her grandmother's garage, then recruits her friends Miracle and Benjamin to help produce episodes.
After an accident on a field trip grants Rodger, Max, Caruso, Fiona and Buzz the ability to turn into dinosaurs, the teens use their powers to fight evil foes, including Victor Veloci, a cunning velociraptor intent on destroying humankind. Led by their telepathic science teacher, the members of the Dino Squad struggle to balance normal teen life with the responsibilities involved in saving the world.
It's the 1970s, and Grace and Charlie are the proprietors of Nevada's first legal brothel. When Charlie, a felon, becomes the promoter for heavyweight boxer Bruza, passion erupts between Grace and Bruza, setting off a violent chain of events.
When wish-granting, sparkly Twinkle Wish disappears, the ponies must find the missing star in time for the Winter Wishes Festival. Along the way, they discover the magic of friendship and the importance of sticking together to save the day.
This musical comedy cult classic follows Vince Lombardi High School's fervent love of rock 'n' roll -- particularly The

Sonic the Hedgehog is the lead singer of the rock band Sonic Underground, which also features his siblings Sonia and Manic. Trouble arises when an oracle predicts the trio will overthrow the evil Dr. Robotnik and restore their mother to the throne.
Whether at home in cozy Cabot Cove or on the road promoting her popular mystery novels, charming author Jessica Fletcher (
From schlockmeister Roger Corman comes this creepy chiller about some mutant fish monsters who bring mayhem to a sleepy oceanside community as they kidnap -- and mate with -- the town's nubile teenage girls.
After an accident on a field trip grants Rodger, Max, Caruso, Fiona and Buzz the ability to turn into dinosaurs, the teens use their powers to fight evil foes, including Victor Veloci, a cunning velociraptor intent on destroying humankind. Led by their telepathic science teacher, the members of the Dino Squad struggle to balance normal teen life with the responsibilities involved in saving the world.
Mild-mannered Dexter Morgan works for the police department as a blood-splatter analyst but moonlights as a murderer who only targets other killers, implementing a moral code instilled in him by his father. Seasons 5-8 available in January, 2014.
When cynical, soul-searching hit man Mick asks his boss for time off, he's instead given the assignment of his life. Mick is asked to kill the sultry Fiona, who owes George money. But as Mick spends time with her, he finds himself falling for her.
German soldiers are slain by an ancient spirit after they commandeer a Romanian castle during World War II. A Jewish scholar wants to unleash the demon to decimate the Nazis, but an enigmatic wanderer intends to keep the evil contained.
Mild-mannered Dexter Morgan works for the police department as a blood-splatter analyst but moonlights as a murderer who only targets other killers, implementing a moral code instilled in him by his father. Seasons 5-8 available in January, 2014.
This charming sitcom follows teenager Cake, a dynamic do-it-yourselfer who starts a public access arts-and-crafts show in her grandmother's garage, then recruits her friends Miracle and Benjamin to help produce episodes.
Creation Records, which produced some of the 20th century's most iconic music, is the subject of this rockumentary that chronicles the indie label's ups and downs, from the deals, the drug-fueled rampages and parties to the day the money ran dry.
Sonic the Hedgehog is the lead singer of the rock band Sonic Underground, which also features his siblings Sonia and Manic. Trouble arises when an oracle predicts the trio will overthrow the evil Dr. Robotnik and restore their mother to the throne.
Luciana is becoming a teenager and has little time or patience for her younger sister, Jorgelina. For summer vacation, the girls part ways, and Jorgelina travels to the countryside, where she befriends a young ranch hand with an unusual secret.

This action-packed Western tells the historical tale of the longstanding feud between the Hatfield and McCoy families, a decades-long grudge neither side will release as they continue to wreak bloody vengeance on each other.

Mild-mannered Dexter Morgan works for the police department as a blood-splatter analyst but moonlights as a murderer who only targets other killers, implementing a moral code instilled in him by his father. Seasons 5-8 available in January, 2014.
After being sent to help his Narrow Gauge friends at Blue Mountain Quarry, Thomas spies a small engine trying to hide -- and no one will offer clues to the engine's identity. Thomas is determined to learn the truth, but it's harder than he imagined.
In this animated tale for the whole family, little reindeer Gobie sets off seeking Santa Claus in the hope that he can save Gobie's beloved pet dragon BeBe, who's been seriously injured in a snowboarding accident.
Never accidentally kill a clown at a party. Stitches the clown is on the loose and is hunting down partygoers who caused his untimely death. Are the revelers to blame, or is Stitches criminally insane and using the accident as an excuse for revenge?

Casey Bowman's life of domestic bliss has been shattered by a savage act of violence and he must fight to avenge as well as survive. His target: a sinister drug lord flooding the streets with deadly meth cooked at his remote jungle factory.
A group of people are lured to the same downtown Los Angeles bar by an ex-girlfriend they all have in common. She's beautiful, conniving -- and downright insane. But now she's got one last surprise for them.
Mild-mannered Dexter Morgan works for the police department as a blood-splatter analyst but moonlights as a murderer who only targets other killers, implementing a moral code instilled in him by his father. Seasons 5-8 available in January, 2014.
Mara is a girl who loves cooking and lives with her grandmother, Doa Tere, who runs a restaurant in the middle of Mexico City.
Join the beloved purple dino and his buddies for a fun-filled day of dancing, as they bop around to hip-hop, ballet and more. Watch as Barney's friend Jamal works up the confidence to join the dance party!
After accidentally breaking the "Here Comes Christmas Candy Cane," which guides Santa Claus to Ponyville, Minty the pony decides to go to the North Pole by herself to set things right. The ponies must work together to save her -- and save Christmas!
Join Angelina and her friends as they welcome the stars of Mousical the Musical to their school in this collection of fun episodes. The mouselings share center stage as Gracie puts a dance-a-thon in jeopardy, Viki discovers her inner artist and more!
Barney and his friends use their imaginations to visit some tee-rific places and explore their creativity through drawing, song and dance! Join the dinos as they explore a tropical paradise; bring a painting to life; and build a bus and an airplane!
Twinkle Twirl has to choreograph a special dance for the Friendship Ball, but she's completely uninspired, so she asks Sky Wishes to make an extra-special wish so that she can come up with a great idea.
This prequel series follows Endeavour Morse -- who would later become the seasoned Inspector Morse -- as a rookie constable in 1960s Oxford. To crack cases, the young gumshoe has to navigate through police department politics.
This prequel series follows Endeavour Morse -- who would later become the seasoned Inspector Morse -- as a rookie constable in 1960s Oxford. To crack cases, the young gumshoe has to navigate through police department politics.
Sky Wishes and Star Catcher want everyone in Ponyville and Butterfly Island to meet and get to know each other. But Pegasus ponies are very shy, so they have a high-flying party with fun games, music and even a mile-high sundae!
At the scene of an apparent murder-suicide, a Tennessee family's video footage suggests their deaths mark the return of a centuries-old demon. The entity -- a true legend in this region -- is known for mercilessly tormenting a family in the 1800s.
In this set of adventures, playful penguin Pingu -- who's never too cool for school -- learns some important lessons on a class trip. Other episodes find Pingu faking illness to avoid school and dealing with the consequences when a prank backfires.
Determined ski jumping champ

Renowned filmmaker Louie Schwartzberg takes viewers on an inspiring journey, unveiling the mysteries and marvels of the Four Corners region of America -- a scenic wonderland where the night stars shine as brightly as the day's sun.
Celebrated filmmaker Louie Schwartzberg takes viewers on an enchanting journey, unveiling the mysteries and wonders of the natural world as elegant flowers come to life through his stunning time-lapse cinematography.
Viewers will experience the power of ocean waves and the sea's underwater splendor as celebrated filmmaker Louie Schwartzberg takes his camera into the deep to unveil the mysteries and wonders of the natural world.
Viewers will marvel at the majesty of nature's gentle giants through the seasons as famed filmmaker Louie Schwartzberg journeys to California's Redwood Coast, Washington's Olympic National Park and Telluride, Colo.
When a college kid mistakenly takes delivery of a device that enables him and his motorbike to morph into a lethal combination of man-machine, the scientist who created the technology decides it must be destroyed before it falls into the wrong hands.
It's time for some fun and excitement on the rails in this collection of classic "Thomas
Have a ball with Barney and his friends as Baby Bop, B.J.and Riffpractice being leaders and try out new sports, like baseball and basketball. Everyone learns that taking turns, following the rules, practicing and cleaning up makes games more fun!
On their way to the cheerleading state championships, a team is slaughtered by a masked homicidal maniac. Now the savage killer sets his sights on an opposing team -- a bevy of busty beauties who'll have to fight for the title and their lives.

Beautiful teen Mandy Lane is perfect, and all the boys want her. Badly. But when she accepts an invitation to a weekend party at a secluded ranch, the bodies begin piling up, and Mandy finds herself in a fight for her life.


Dedicated to trying to protect wild horses in the Black Hills of South Dakota, Dayton Hyde emerges as a unique brand of hero in this bio-documentary. Hyde's efforts include rescuing feral herds from government-sanctioned wild-horse roundups.

Young Sissy's birthday meal at a fine restaurant sours when her party encounters the Butcher Boys, a world-travelling horde of flesh-eaters. As their dinner dissolves into blood and madness, the teens try to avoid their own consumption.
Teen geek Randall and his misunderstood friends enter a Lord of the Rings online gaming competition, embarking on an epic journey to Orlando, Fla. When a gaming rival complicates Randall's real life, the friends go on a quest to win the tourney.
When impish Amlie finds a long-hidden trove of toys behind a baseboard in her apartment, she's inspired to return the items to their original owner, an impulse of generosity that sparks more benevolent acts.
Fifteen years after outsmarting a sinister witch by pushing her into an oven, a now-grown Hansel and Gretel are pooling their wiles to take down witches as professional bounty hunters in this action-packed reimagining of the classic fairy tale.
Watch the first season of this Emmy-winning series all over again, this time with scene-by-scene audio commentary from directors including David Fincher and Joel Schumacher, who provide a behind-the-camera analysis for each episode.
When a trip to the mall with Gran leads to a shocking discovery that Santa won't be able to "deliver" this Christmas, the Bratz Babyz take matters into their own hands and work together to save the holiday.


This animated spinoff of Disney's beloved Peter Pan features young Jake and his friends sailing for treasure in Never Land on their flagship, Bucky. There's plenty of music and adventure on board -- as well as the trickery of their foe, Captain Hook.
Texas sheriff Thomas Jefferson Geronimo (
With dreams of film stardom, transsexual actress
Directed by

By turns funny and affecting, this quirky indie tale follows a turbulent year in the lives of the literary Borgens clan, which is in a tailspin thanks to the family patriarch's obsession with his former wife.
Frank's rapid ascension to the heights of power means big changes for both him and Claire, but his sudden rise creates powerful enemies who are about to discover that those who oppose the Underwoods always live to regret it.
Based on author Sara Shepard's young adult novels, this series follows Emma, a teenage foster child who sets out to find her twin sister, Sutton, after she mysteriously goes missing from the well-to-do family that adopted her.
Lucas is rebuilding his life after a bitter divorce: He has a new job and a girlfriend, and is working on his relationship with his teenage son. But an unfounded accusation of pedophilia changes everything as his community turns against him.

After catching his fiance cheating on him, and then being told he is below par in bed, Will has hit a new low. His luck quickly changes when he finds a special tape that grants him the powers to become a master between the sheets. However, he must follow the tape's directions carefully, or risk losing his newfound "powers."



An Arab Israeli physician offers assistance at the scene of a gruesome suicide bombing in Tel Aviv and then learns that the bomber was his own wife. Stunned and furious, he sets out to confront the people who encouraged her deadly decision.
For most Westerners, the widespread practice of killing or aborting female infants simply because they are female seems inconceivably cruel. This sobering documentary spotlights the cultural traditions in India and China underlying the tragic facts.
Boston roommates Aidan, Josh and Sally are your average twenty-somethings -- except that they're also a vampire, werewolf and ghost, respectively. All three struggle with their supernatural identities while trying to get by in the human world.
Philadelphia funnyman
This action-packed historical epic depicts the political strategy, war tactics and human drama leading up to the Battle of Puebla on May 5, 1862, when a scrappy Mexican army astonished its French occupiers with its resilience.
In a New York penthouse, cut off from the rest of the world, Sara, a young blind woman, fights for her life against two sadistic criminals. Unbeknownst to Sara, her boyfriend had dabbled in some shady dealings -- for which she must now pay the price.
Uptight literature professor Vivian Bell (
Produced by "Dragnet" star Jack Webb, this long-running drama drawn from real-life police cases tells the story of Pete Malloy (
Produced by "Dragnet" star Jack Webb, this long-running drama drawn from real-life police cases tells the story of Pete Malloy (
Produced by "Dragnet" star Jack Webb, this long-running drama drawn from real-life police cases tells the story of Pete Malloy (
Harking back to an innocent era, this classic 1950s series depicts the daily lives of the suburban Cleaver family: father Ward, mother June, older son Wally and younger son Beaver, who has a knack for landing himself in trouble.
Harking back to an innocent era, this classic 1950s series depicts the daily lives of the suburban Cleaver family: father Ward, mother June, older son Wally and younger son Beaver, who has a knack for landing himself in trouble.
Harking back to an innocent era, this classic 1950s series depicts the daily lives of the suburban Cleaver family: father Ward, mother June, older son Wally and younger son Beaver, who has a knack for landing himself in trouble.
Harking back to an innocent era, this classic 1950s series depicts the daily lives of the suburban Cleaver family: father Ward, mother June, older son Wally and younger son Beaver, who has a knack for landing himself in trouble.
Spanning an awe-inspiring 6 million acres of wilderness, located just 200 miles from the Arctic Circle, Alaska's Denali National Park is home to Mount McKinley, the tallest mountain in North America. Journey from the subarctic vistas of the frozen tundra to the seemingly endless taiga forest, and get up close and personal with the wolves, grizzlies, moose and other creatures that call this natural wonder home.
When three brothers and their beach bum friends go on a camping trip out on the dunes, they're forced to come to terms with burgeoning emotions, life-changing decisions and a surf duel they didn't see coming.
When East Coast teen Mandy Meyers moves to Los Angeles with her family, she's thrown into the fast life at McDermott High, where the pretty girls rule the school and two very different guys want to date her.
Hannah, a young Jewish girl, is rescued from a concentration camp by her Polish boyfriend, and believes he died after their perilous escape. More than 30 years later, the married Hannah faces an emotional crisis when she learns he's alive.
Two dramatic narratives weave together in a meditation on human love. Set decades apart in Paris and in Montreal, the two stories share subtle yet profound links through their characters -- a mother and son, and a divorced couple.

Feeling he's living a meaningless life in a small town, disaffected junkie James jumps at the chance to escort newcomer Sara to Toad Road -- and risk whatever may happen as they pass seven wooden gates that lead toward hell.
With the biggest bash of the year on tap, three college buddies are anticipating an evening full of romantic possibilities. Instead, they find themselves pitted against their doubles as the night takes a supernatural turn.
Featuring candid interviews and archival footage, this provocative documentary scrutinizes the business of college athletics, revealing how collegiate football and basketball became billion-dollar industries whose athletes don't earn a dime.
Evading the mob, Mike and his son Daniel have lived a nomadic life for 16 years, using Daniel's parkour skills to make a living by pulling off robberies. Now, Daniel wants to leave the life of crime, but Mike plans one last -- ill-fated -- job.
Poverty-stricken Antonio needs his bicycle to do his new job. But the same day he buys it back from a pawnshop, someone steals it, prompting him to search the city in vain with his young son.
When a young Israeli named Noam (
After stealing a magic flute that causes uncontrollable dancing, the evil McCreep uses it to take the villagers' gold. Sent by the king to stop McCreep, Johan and Peewit enlist the help of the Smurfs, the tiny blue creatures who crafted the flute.
Trying to recover from the nearly marriage-breaking stress following the death of their child, Jack (
Discover what it takes for thousands of incredible and bizarre creatures to survive in the ocean, which comprises 99 percent of Earth's living space. Most of the ocean is dark as night, with extreme temperatures -- but it's neither quiet nor empty.
Documentarian
Documentarian
A young man inherits his late mentor's pawn shop and $4 million from the sale of a collectible. Escaping the man's money-hungry girlfriend, he moves to a small town under a new name, where a woman captures his heart but their pasts keep them apart.
After finding out that his girlfriend's been cheating on him with their handsome neighbor, good-natured Alex moves in temporarily with his platonic pal Nele and takes lessons in what it means to be a "real" man.
Discover what it takes for thousands of incredible and bizarre creatures to survive in the ocean, which comprises 99 percent of Earth's living space. Most of the ocean is dark as night, with extreme temperatures -- but it's neither quiet nor empty.
In a twist on the travelogue genre, comedian
In a twist on the travelogue genre, comedian
When the father of gunslinger John Mason is shot to death by masked bandits, Mason sets out with guns blazing to track down the men responsible. During his quest, he finds himself involved in a grim love triangle.
For decades sports entertainment fans have witnessed the most ruthless and unrelenting Superstars step through the ropes to settle their scores. But what happens when rivalries inside the ring become so intense that ropes, rulebooks and officials are powerless to contain them? Host
For decades sports entertainment fans have witnessed the most ruthless and unrelenting Superstars step through the ropes to settle their scores. But what happens when rivalries inside the ring become so intense that ropes, rulebooks and officials are powerless to contain them? Host
Aspiring designer Wendy's dreams of impressing her callous boss, Priscilla, hit a snag when she learns that the mysterious man she kissed in a falling elevator is Priscilla's boyfriend.
WWE Superstar The
WWE Superstar The
In a twist on the travelogue genre, comedian
From the hostile takeover of WCW to the stunning defections, internal struggles and shocking resurgence in WWE, this documentary tells the complete story of the New World Order. Hear from NWO members and stars who witnessed it up close and personal.
This is the story of two transcendent superstars divided by opposite backgrounds, yet magnetized by larger-than-life personas. The Rock returns to WWE to lay "boots to asses," while
Presenting the most devastating moves in its history -- including the Pedigree, Attitude Adjustment, Stunner, Sweet Chin Music and Rock Bottom -- World Wrestling Entertainment counts down its top 50 finishing moves.
This unique documentary recalls the bloody era in Indonesia when pro-government death squads slaughtered more than a million suspected Communists. Now in positions of power, two ex-squad leaders gleefully reenact their atrocities for the filmmakers.
Courageous 14-year-old Sonja sets out to find a the Christmas Star and a missing princess to free the grief-stricken kingdom from a curse. Sonja only has a few days before the curse takes hold permanently -- and evil forces are standing in her way!





In a twist on the travelogue genre, comedian

In person, Rami is guarded and ill at ease -- due in part to his physical disability. Online, he's a different person ... literally. When a woman he's met in a chat room wants to meet his successful businessman alter ego, Romeo 11, Rami's in trouble.

Chipotle is a company that broke all the fast food rules, turning a small eatery into an $11 billion, 14,000-store chain. Bloomberg television takes you behind the counter to see how this increasingly popular company keep customers lining up.
When it comes to animation, few do it better than Pixar and Disney; they are the dreamers and doers with multibillion-dollar imaginations. Bloomberg television takes you behind closed doors to see how this powerhouse makes movie magic.
Although it's a familiar name in China, the search engine Baidu is little known elsewhere -- despite being the fifth most-visited website on Earth.
Bloomberg's "Inside" visits the world's biggest restaurant chain as it caters to 69 million people a day and reveals how it reached the top. Discover how McDonald's stays competitive in a market it started -- and also what's in the secret sauce.
This volume of the Bloomberg series takes viewers from DeBeers's Botswana diamond mine (the richest in the world) to its London headquarters. Oliva Sterns gets unprecedented access to this famously secretive company in a one-of-a-kind tour.
Join Bloomberg's Tom Gibson for this behind-the-scenes look at luxury fashion giant Dolce
Bloomberg West takes a comprehensive look inside LinkedIn. The probing documentary features exclusive access to LinkedIn's headquarters in Mountain View, Calif., and interviews with CEO Jeff Weiner and Chairman Reid Hoffman.
Tension mounts when a Danish cargo ship bound for harbor is hijacked by Somali pirates and held for a hefty ransom in the millions, prompting the shipping company's CEO to hire a professional negotiator.
Released from prison, Daryl finds his former life in tatters until a new girlfriend gets him hired as a driver. But his new job isn't what it seems. Daryl soon learns that he can't trust anyone around him, and that his life may be on the line.
Utilizing exclusive interviews and unparalleled access to real pirates, hostages,  ship-owners, pirate negotiators and experts on piracy, Stolen Seas presents a chilling exploration of the Somali pirate phenomenon. Stolen Seas is an eye opening refutation of preconceived ideas on how or why piracy has become the world's most frightening multi-million dollar growth industry.
Inspiring and intense, this critically praised documentary chronicles the popular uprising in Egypt that captivated the world with scenes of courage and freedom in the face of violent opposition, igniting a history-making revolution.

Jane accompanies her cellist husband to Naples and spends her days trying to shake a case of writer's block while he's in rehearsal. She hoped the trip would help their troubled marriage, but she finds unexpected romance with a young American ex-pat.
In this animated action-adventure series, supernaturally gifted Ray and his pals Gabe and Allie join the brave Duel Masters to battle the Choten, an evil genius bent on subduing freedom-loving creatures and dominating the Earth.
What turned
This taut action flick from writer-director
In a Peruvian village, married fisherman Miguel comes to terms with his love for another man, despite the strict moral code of his homeland. When his lover drowns and returns as a ghost, Miguel is faced with revealing his secret relationship.
While judging at his alma mater's film festival, failed director Zach Wells has a fling with a student contestant. The following day, Zach discovers that the young man is a past version of himself, offering him a chance to improve his own future.
Smitten with each other at first sight, pianist Paulo and bass player Ilir move in together -- but their passionate relationship soon devolves into a tempestuous ride of crime, addiction and betrayal in this powerful drama.
Join Keith, Lance, Princess Allura, Pidge, Hunk and their new cadets, Daniel, Larmina and Vince, as they struggle to keep the universe safe from the dastardly King Lotor and his monstrous Robeasts.
Join Keith, Lance, Princess Allura, Pidge, Hunk and their new cadets, Daniel, Larmina and Vince, as they struggle to keep the universe safe from the dastardly King Lotor and his monstrous Robeasts.
In an attempt to save their granddad's old age home, slacker Cockneys Terry and Andy team up with three friends to rob a bank. But their caper goes awry when they run afoul of a horde of hungry zombies, who then do battle with the feisty pensioners.
Hoping to counter Americans' negative attitudes toward Islam, a clutch of Muslim-American comedians launch a national tour for laughs. This documentary chronicles their long, strange trip as they try to educate  --  and entertain -- their audiences.
Providing sharp -- but funny -- commentary on modern Italy through the guise of magical realism, this film portrays a plumber-artist romance. When single dad Leone and penniless artist Diana meet at a lawyer's office, love soon follows.
Fun to watch or just to enjoy as an atmospheric background display on your screen, this mesmerizing virtual aquarium features a collection of energetic fish having a bubbling good time.
This documentary tracks the vision of choreographer Allison Orr as she coaxes a crew of trash collectors to perform for the public. The event ultimately takes place on an airport runway, where thousands of people watch 16 garbage trucks "dancing."
With his wife Marion terminally ill, 72-year-old Arthur sees a future that's nothing but grim. But when he takes Marion's place in their church's very unconventional choir, he begins to find joy in life again.
In this animated series, timid 6-year-old Yuri and pals Lili and Matt discover an inner reserve of courage and daring while adventuring with Golias -- a big blue elephant -- and their other imaginary animal friends.

This comedic show-biz fable begins with a pair of down-and-out writers trying to sell their co-written screenplay to climb out of poverty. But as soon as success seems close at hand, the writers' lives and friendship become much more complicated.
Stand-up comedian
From his first effort to win the 2008 Republican nomination to his presidential campaign in 2012, this documentary's unprecedented access reveals an unseen side of
More than 20 years after their final curtain call, the Ewings return with both new and familiar faces -- and all the treachery that made the original series a classic. This time around, J.R. and Bobby watch as their sons carry on the Ewing legacy.

This feature-length documentary and California road movie explores America's largest cash crop: marijuana. Take an epic West Coast adventure into the heart of the Emerald Triangle and America's most valuable crop.
After routinely lending his vintage van to classmates for their amorous escapades, a sexually inexperienced teenager ends up in the midst of an awkward love triangle that includes his dream girl and a big man on campus.
The third chapter in writer-director George Romero's zombie saga finds scientists and soldiers hiding in a bunker to escape a world overrun by the undead. The two groups butt heads, but infighting takes a backseat when zombies invade the facility.
Sit back, relax and enjoy another B movie aboard the infamous Satellite of Love, with host Mike Nelson and his robotic viewing companions Crow and Tom Servo providing the acerbic quips and commentary. In The Phantom Planet (1961), scientists on Earth discover the never-before-seen planet of Rheton and send a team of astronauts to investigate. Luckily for them, the specimens they find include a race of beautiful women.
Set in Los Angeles, this sardonic indie comedy helmed by
In this fascinating and fabulous documentary, go behind the scenes as 52 men don makeup, wigs, gowns, heels and perfectly placed padding to vie for one crown. They all may be masters at the art of illusion, but only one will be Miss Gay America.
When Englishman Jonathan Harker visits the exotic castle of Count Dracula, he is entranced by the mysterious aristocrat. But upon learning that the count has sinister designs on his wife, Mina, Harker seeks help from vampire slayer Van Helsing.


This action-rich sequel follows Josh McManus through a broken landscape back to his home, with a vicious gang of vengeful killers in hot pursuit. Passed over by the rapture prophesied in the Bible, Josh must choose between violence and faith.
Using the career of makeup effects guru Greg Nicotero as a case study, this documentary gives you a behind-the-scenes look at the crucial role Hollywood makeup departments play in bringing horror movies to life on the silver screen.
A 13-time WWE world champion,
When an earthquake obliterates their cave, an unworldly prehistoric family is forced to journey through unfamiliar terrain in search of a new home. But things for pessimistic dad Grug go from bad to worse when his daughter meets a clever cave boy.
An example at 23.976 frames per second.An example at  23.976 frames per second.An example  at 23.976 frames per second.An example at  23.976 frames per second.An example  at  23.976 frames per second.
Actor and writer
It's hard to find a person whose life has not been touched by a nurse, yet how much do we know about these people we let into some of the most intimate, joyful and difficult moments of the human experience?
"Soldiers of Paint" follows a dramatic battle involving 5,000 people who re-stage the Invasion of Normandy, or D-Day, in Oklahoma. Instead of bullets they use paint and it's any man's game, which means the Germans could win!
"In A Town This Size" introduces an Oklahoma town and its long-ignored tragedy of child sexual abuse during the 1960's and 70's. The film illustrates that through determination, support and direct conversation, survivors can heal themselves and become advocates for change.
Buying Sex looks at the contentious debate over pending reforms to Canadian prostitution laws, and in the process asks us to rethink and review our attitudes toward the oldest profession. This feature film brings forward the voices of sex workers who support law amendments, formerly prostituted women who want abolition, policy-makers, lawyers and even the male buyers.
CIA desk jockey Jack Ryan plunges into the heart of international terrorism after spoiling an assassination attempt on a British royal family member. Ryan's heroics earn him noble gratitude -- and a death warrant from the Irish Republican Army.
An actor needs to get under a cop's skin to research an upcoming role, and he picks an irritable New York City hard case as his source material. As if dealing with the pesky thespian weren't enough, the cop has a serial killer to catch.
While the Civil War rages between the Union and the Confederacy, a quiet loner, a ruthless hit man and a Mexican bandit comb the American Southwest in search of a strongbox containing $200,000 in stolen gold.
Captain Kirk (
When five unacquainted crooks are hauled into a police station to appear in a criminal lineup, they decide to pull off a heist together. The plan gets complicated, however, when they intermix with an underworld kingpin named Keyser S
Determined to live "a life less ordinary," Robert (
The first film in director
While seeking his partner's ruthless killer, incredibly thick police officer Frank Drebin finds an equally dim-witted love interest and stumbles upon on a sordid plot to off Queen Elizabeth.
Alex works as a welder by day and a stripper by night, but she dreams of training at the local conservatory and becoming a professional dancer. Meanwhile, she navigates a romance with her boss at the steelyard.
In this classic, joke-a-second parody of disaster movies, traumatized former combat pilot Ted Striker, an airplane passenger, is forced to land the plane when food poisoning strikes the crew and there's no one else on board who can do the job.
In this sequel to the wildly popular farce Airplane!, pilot Ted Striker (
In this stylish comedy, a mother-daughter con team makes money the old-fashioned way: They swindle it. After Mom seduces and weds a love-struck bachelor, she scams him for a big divorce settlement -- with help from her daughter as "the other woman."
Outback legend Mick "Crocodile" Dundee (
The Lone Rangers have heavy-metal aspirations and a single demo tape that they can't get anyone to play. The solution: Hijack a radio station and hold the deejays hostage until they agree to broadcast the band's tape.
Director
Photographer Jean is drawn into the history of an 1873 double murder of two sisters when she's charged with traveling to New Hampshire to examine the scene of the crime and take photos of surviving evidence.
Augustin Rejas attempts to find the mysterious Ezequiel, the leader of a revolution being fermented by native people of a Latin American nation. But weighing equally heavy on Rejas's psyche is his attraction to his daughter's ballet teacher.
The darkwolf -- as he's known to locals -- is stalking the streets of Los Angeles, and a chosen woman, Josie, represents the city's only chance at stopping this werewolf's ravenous appetite. But she's also become an object of lust for the creature.

The lives and loves of five gay men living in Pittsburgh provide the drama in this American edition of the acclaimed British series. Amid the usual ups and downs of relationships, the friends grapple with everything from health issues to politics.
The lives and loves of five gay men living in Pittsburgh provide the drama in this American edition of the acclaimed British series. Amid the usual ups and downs of relationships, the friends grapple with everything from health issues to politics.
The lives and loves of five gay men living in Pittsburgh provide the drama in this American edition of the acclaimed British series. Amid the usual ups and downs of relationships, the friends grapple with everything from health issues to politics.
Bumbling Navy lieutenant Tom Dodge has been given one last chance to clean up his record. But the pressure's on when his nemesis assigns him to the Stingray, a submarine that can barely keep afloat.
In this sequel to the huge hit Cocoon, the seniors who exited Earth in exchange for eternal youth return to terra firma to visit with the loved ones they left behind. Meanwhile, their alien hosts plot the rescue of a cocoon retrieved from the ocean floor by a troublesome oceanographer (
Carnelle, an oversexed hellion who was orphaned as a child, has always played second fiddle to her beautiful Southern belle cousin who's a past Miss Firecracker contest winner. But Carnelle's ready to turn the tables.
The lives and loves of five gay men living in Pittsburgh provide the drama in this American edition of the acclaimed British series. Amid the usual ups and downs of relationships, the friends grapple with everything from health issues to politics.
The lives and loves of five gay men living in Pittsburgh provide the drama in this American edition of the acclaimed British series. Amid the usual ups and downs of relationships, the friends grapple with everything from health issues to politics.
Would-be racecar driver Larry teams with mechanic Deke to steal $150,000 from a grocery store. The twosome goes on the lam, picking up a fiery hitchhiker along the way, while a grizzled cop chases them across the California landscape.


Kate is crushed when her boyfriend inexplicably leaves her -- and even more shocked when he sends her a diary kept by his late wife. As Kate considers publishing the memoir, she notices parallels between her own life and Suzanne's tragic story.
Garfield jumps out of his comic strip and attempts to live life as a normal cat in the "real world." But when the real world doesn't turn out to be all that glamorous, Garfield has to return to his comic-strip home before getting trapped forever.
In director
Garfield has long been the reigning title holder at FunFest, Cartoon World's yearly competition for the funniest comic strip in the land. But this time, Garfield must battle the tall, handsome Ramone for the coveted honor -- with hilarious results.
Examine the history behind kamikazes, the Japanese suicide pilots of World War II. Through archival footage, historic reenactments and interviews with veterans, this program explores how and why thousands of men sacrificed their lives in combat.
In present-day Zimbabwe, women and girls are routinely victimized, and an epidemic of "virgin rapes" is being fueled by the widley held misconception that men can cure themselves of HIV/AIDS by having sex with virgin women. Filmmaker
Sent to stay at her father's ranch -- far from the big-city lights she's used to -- young skateboarder Carrie McLaughlin feels as if she's serving a prison sentence. But she soon finds unexpected friendship in an untamed horse named Flicka.
Oscar-winning director Neil Jordan helms this lavish period drama series about the notorious Borgia family, a clan headed by plotting patriarch Rodrigo, who will stop at nothing to become pope, and his beautiful but treacherous daughter, Lucrezia.
Oscar-winning director Neil Jordan helms this lavish period drama series about the notorious Borgia family, a clan headed by plotting patriarch Rodrigo, who will stop at nothing to become pope, and his beautiful but treacherous daughter, Lucrezia.
The lives and loves of five gay men living in Pittsburgh provide the drama in this American edition of the acclaimed British series. Amid the usual ups and downs of relationships, the friends grapple with everything from health issues to politics.
The action shifts in this "Criminal Minds" spinoff to another team of elite FBI profilers assigned to the agency's Behavioral Analysis Unit. Led by unit chief Sam Cooper, their task is to think like the cunning criminals they're tracking.
The action shifts in this "Criminal Minds" spinoff to another team of elite FBI profilers assigned to the agency's Behavioral Analysis Unit. Led by unit chief Sam Cooper, their task is to think like the cunning criminals they're tracking.

Oscar-winning director Neil Jordan helms this lavish period drama series about the notorious Borgia family, a clan headed by plotting patriarch Rodrigo, who will stop at nothing to become pope, and his beautiful but treacherous daughter, Lucrezia.
Interviews with eyewitnesses and dramatic reenactments reveal the inside story on the events of June 11, 1962, when after months of meticulous planning, three inmates busted out of San Francisco's notorious Alcatraz prison and vanished.
Raquel, the young daughter of a middle-class family, one day runs away from home and makes an astonishing decision: She'll be a prostitute. In no time, Raquel becomes Bruna Surfer Girl, a national celebrity who blogs about her salacious daily life.
In this poignant coming-of-age tale, Skunk, a precocious and diabetic 11-year-old, lives happily with her brother and father in a suburban English neighborhood until an act of violence initiates her into the often-baffling world of adulthood.
Oscar-winning director Neil Jordan helms this lavish period drama series about the notorious Borgia family, a clan headed by plotting patriarch Rodrigo, who will stop at nothing to become pope, and his beautiful but treacherous daughter, Lucrezia.
When Jon Bloch joins forces with a world expert in ancient snakes to unlock the lost land of the Titanoboa, the biggest snake of all time, their research yields some intriguing -- and terrifying -- insights.
Hilarity ensues when struggling actor Sakurai takes advantage of Kondo -- a hit man with amnesia who slipped and bumped his head in a public bathhouse -- and the two men trade lives ... with mixed results.


Everyone knows what happened in Psycho, but this chilling series takes viewers inside Norman Bates' world before Marion Crane checked in. The story opens following Mr. Bates' death, as Norman and his mother buy the motel that will bear their name.
Everyone knows what happened in Psycho, but this chilling series takes viewers inside Norman Bates' world before Marion Crane checked in. The story opens following Mr. Bates' death, as Norman and his mother buy the motel that will bear their name.
For the first time, members of the Pink Panthers, who've raked in more than $250 million in diamonds without being caught, speak out. Actual surveillance footage of their jaw-dropping heists accompanies their words and the history of their group.
It's long been thought that skiing is an individual sport. But this compelling tale of modern-day skiing proves that idea is nothing but a fallacy. Footage features action from
Sakari's romantic fantasy is shattered when his beautiful fiance, Veera, nonchalantly involves him in a mysterious plot to kill her father. Veera shows her sincerity as her plan takes shape, while Sakari, not knowing what to do, goes along with it.
When top street dancer Ash is laughed off stage by the dance crew Invincible, he and his best friend, Eddie, search everywhere to assemble the best dancers from around the world to take them on -- with a dance style they weren't expecting.
Everyone's favorite little penguin loves to play! Whether he's bowling, swimming, biking or trying his flipper at magic, Pingu shows how to have an icy good time in these twelve fun-filled adventures.
Have no fear, Pingu's here! Watch as Pingu tries to rescue a sinking boat, helps a friend during a race and finds Pinga's lost rabbit. Even when Pingu causes some trouble, he always tries to find a way to save the day in these twelve heroic tales.
Join Pingu on twelve fun-filled family adventures! From birthday celebrations to Christmas and from making pancakes with mom to visits from Grandfather, Pingu sees that the best time is family time.

While living with her stepmother and exasperating stepbrothers on a ranch that's facing foreclosure, a melancholy 16-year-old girl changes her outlook when her horse, Horatio, suddenly begins talking.
Friends Gage, Rhett, Brandon and Wyatt race into action when a mysterious black car starts to turn Hilly Woodlands into a racetrack. Enlisting mad scientist Larry's help, the foursome take the driver's seat to become Team Hot Wheels.
Opil is the 10-year-old hero of this comedic anime epic, a boy whose idle wish results in a catastrophic invasion of Earth by galactic mutants. With the indispensable assistance of Captain Mackerel, Opil struggles to correct his mistake.
Four creative criminals use an old angle to work a new heist, taking jobs in a gangster-run strip club prior to sticking up the place. When the robbery turns into a bloodbath, the gang escapes only as far as the deadly town of Redstone.




Dig beneath the glitz and glamour of five of the most beautiful cities in the world and discover their many dirty secrets.Eliot Ness and his small group of law enforcers brought down Al Capone, the invincible Mafia boss.
This documentary presents new scientific evidence that blows apart the myths and may forever change the way you look at the Titanic tragedy. Follow Titanic detective Tim Maltin as he shares the results of his 20-year investigation.
This installment of Smithsonian's "Secrets" series explores the authenticity of the so-called Vinland map, which places the Vikings in North America some 50 years before Christopher Columbus.
Dig beneath the glitz and glamour of five of the most beautiful cities in the world and discover their many dirty secrets. This documentary reveals how the Indiana Jones tales arose from real heroes and villains, real adventures and real discoveries.
This documentary digs into author Ian Fleming's service in naval intelligence, where he gathered his inspiration for the world's most famous secret agent, James Bond. Though Bond is fictional, he may have been based on two men Fleming knew.
One of the most debated murders in American history, the 1974 slaying of six people from one family shocked the residents of Amityville, N.Y. This TV documentary presents the known facts and also presents recent evidence of debate.
Join us on a quest to uncover some of history's greatest secrets using today's latest research and techniques. This segment examines whether the Shroud of Turin is Jesus' burial cloth, the oldest photograph ever taken, or a hoax. You be the judge.

In this provocative installment, Smithsonian's "Secrets" series tackles the riddle of Egypt's Great Sphinx -- one of the largest and most recognizable monuments in the world that somehow remains shrouded in mystery.
Join us on a quest to uncover some of history's greatest secrets using today's latest research and techniques. In this documentary, a 10-inch golden raft may help scientists decode the 500-year mystery of El Dorado and the Lost City of Gold.
Archaeologists, scientists and historians unearth the secrets of England's most notorious ruler, RichardIII, in this installment of the documentary series that explores history's greatest secrets using modern research and techniques.
Over time, Abraham Lincoln's status has risen to almost mythic proportions, but what's the real story behind the legendary U.S. president? Mystery Files aims to dig well beneath the surface to reveal Lincoln's true character.
The Mystery Files series reopens the book on history's greatest events, legends and people to separate fantasy from reality. What happened in World War I that turned socially awkward loner Adolf Hitler into the most infamous dictator in history?
Is science beginning to doubt the historical notion that Leonardo da Vinci invented early versions of flying machines and other modern creations? This installment of the series examines new theories, and even takes a laser to the Mona Lisa.
This installment examines the disconnect between historical fact, the Gospels and tradition in our understanding of the birth of Christ. Archaeologists, theologians and other experts travel to key sites in the story to reveal the truth.
One of history's most famous martyrs, Joan of Arc remains a fascinating character nearly 600 years after she was burned at the stake as a witch. This probing documentary reexamines the history and myths surrounding the fabled teenage warrior.
Marco Polo is famous for being the first Westerner in China, but experts question not only his explorations but also his sheer existence. Marco Polo is famous for being the first Westerner in China, but experts question not only his explorations but also his sheer existence.
This installment delves into the 1,200-year-old mystery behind Pope Joan, who she really was and the mythology that's built up around her. Was she a real person, the subject of misinterpreted stories or a satire by anti-Papists?
Find out why historians believe that the legend of British King Arthur is based on two men: the son of a high-ranking Roman ruler and a 5th-century fighter who defended Britain against Saxon invaders.
Witness a find that has baffled archaeologists and academics: a gold cauldron found at the bottom of a German lake in 2001. Though it was originally thought to be an ancient artifact, it might being a modern relic linked to a covert Nazi cult.
Rarely seen combat footage takes viewers along for the 21st Bomber Command's long distance strikes on Tokyo near the end of World War II. Newly converted to high-definition, this remarkable film captures one of the war's most perilous missions.
Delve into the mystery of how, in the span of a single generation, the remains and tomb of Alexander the Great disappeared. This program explores theories, from the simple to the sinister, behind one of history's greatest unsolved riddles.
On the occasion of the space shuttle Discovery's final flight, this documentary chronicles her epic story. After flying more than 148 million miles, the shuttle's trip to Washington's Air and Space Museum proves just as inspiring.

This documentary introduces the scientists who monitor the heavens for deadly asteroids, and reveals the cutting-edge technology they use. Discover how close we've come to extinction in the past, and what's protecting our future.





In this seaside drama adapted from a novella by Nobel Prize winner Doris Lessing, two lifelong friends who fall in love with each other's teenage sons must carry out their affairs in relative secrecy.
For decades, American touring ice shows dominated family entertainment with their dazzling production and variety acts. This documentary honors them through interviews and archival footage, and depicts one skater's quest to keep this history alive.
When college pals Tyler Davidson and in-the-closet Chase arrive at the Davidson family lake house to spend the summer, clan patriarch Nathan soon finds himself irresistibly attracted to his son's handsome friend.
After wealthy businessman Paul Greco is forced into early retirement, his meddling sister attempts to get him to settle down with a woman of her choosing. But Paul seems more intent on developing a friendship with a young man he meets at a dog park.
This account of a one-night stand that becomes something more begins when Clara and Nikolai meet at a rave, then go back to Nikolai's to make love. When Clara tries to leave undetected afterward, Nikolai stops her and an all-night dialogue ensues.
After accidentally pushing her best friend off a roof and lying to the police about it, Alyce becomes haunted by guilt. She soon begins to unravel -- losing sleep, her job and her sanity -- into a gruesome life of sex, drugs and murder.
When a suburban mom enrolls her kid on a soccer team, she is thrust into a world of overzealous parents who take competition personally. The coach is as juvenile as the parents, and when the team gets a shot at the finals, the tantrums start to fly.
When down-and-out cop and former Marine Tod Shaw learns the president will be coming through his town -- and that three killers are posing as Secret Service Agents as part of an assassination plan -- he must overcome his demons and try to stop them.
This 50-year retrospective chronicles the evolution of the WWE from a small, regional promotion into a worldwide phenomenon. With new interviews from several key personalities past and present, get the inside story behind each WWE era.
Take a virtual underwater journey through an amazing saltwater reef aquarium that took years to build and flourish. You'll catch glimpses of tiny snails, shrimp, floating starfish and living aquatic plant life, including coral.
In this animated tale, the brother of an Indian brave killed by a bear vows revenge but is transformed by the Great Spirits into the very thing he sought to slay. As he attempts to regain human form, he begins to see the world from a new viewpoint.
This kid-friendly animated series follows the adventures of Ruby Gloom, a curiously cheerful girl who lives in a gothic mansion and solves mysteries and other problems with the help of pals Skull Boy, Iris and Misery -- and a cat named Doom Kitty.
This kid-friendly animated series follows the adventures of Ruby Gloom, a curiously cheerful girl who lives in a gothic mansion and solves mysteries and other problems with the help of pals Skull Boy, Iris and Misery -- and a cat named Doom Kitty.
This kid-friendly animated series follows the adventures of Ruby Gloom, a curiously cheerful girl who lives in a gothic mansion and solves mysteries and other problems with the help of pals Skull Boy, Iris and Misery -- and a cat named Doom Kitty.
This kid-friendly animated series follows the adventures of Ruby Gloom, a curiously cheerful girl who lives in a gothic mansion and solves mysteries and other problems with the help of pals Skull Boy, Iris and Misery -- and a cat named Doom Kitty.
Set in a gigantic shopping mall, this animated sitcom follows an ensemble cast of 16-year-old friends as they attempt to make it through their first part-time jobs while contending with the angst of adolescent life.
Set in a gigantic shopping mall, this animated sitcom follows an ensemble cast of 16-year-old friends as they attempt to make it through their first part-time jobs while contending with the angst of adolescent life.
Set in a gigantic shopping mall, this animated sitcom follows an ensemble cast of 16-year-old friends as they attempt to make it through their first part-time jobs while contending with the angst of adolescent life.
Set in a gigantic shopping mall, this animated sitcom follows an ensemble cast of 16-year-old friends as they attempt to make it through their first part-time jobs while contending with the angst of adolescent life.
Set in a gigantic shopping mall, this animated sitcom follows an ensemble cast of 16-year-old friends as they attempt to make it through their first part-time jobs while contending with the angst of adolescent life.
Set in a gigantic shopping mall, this animated sitcom follows an ensemble cast of 16-year-old friends as they attempt to make it through their first part-time jobs while contending with the angst of adolescent life.
As night falls in a small California town, the dead rise from their graves and go looking to feast on the flesh of the living. Two families band together to face a long night of terror, fighting to survive until sunrise.
Porn publisher and business visionary
Enraged when the newly-elected president publicly betrays him, veteran Congressman Frank Underwood makes a secret pledge to exact revenge and seize the reins of power through a complex plot of manipulation, deceit and corruption.
"The Price of Gold" takes a fresh look at the scandal surrounding figure skater
How was the scientific understanding of the ancients so advanced? A team of experts answers this and other questions in this fascinating series. Learn how humans were able to erect massive pyramids and other hulking monoliths.
How was the scientific understanding of the ancients so advanced? A team of experts answers this and other questions in this fascinating series. Learn how humans were able to erect massive pyramids and other hulking monoliths.
Chocolate Sundaes, the leader in live comedy entertainment, is here with the most compelling combination of stand-up and skit comedy ever seen. Hosted by the great

What was mean to be the venue for a perfect proposal turns into the scene of a far-from-perfect crime when the groom-to-be's brother ends up dead. Homicidal honeys Todd and Cammie only make matter worse by trying to cover up the "accident."
Angel, a deaf and mute orphan, is enslaved to care for the girls of the Seasoning House, who are forcefully prostituted to the military. As Angel moves between the walls and crawlspaces of the brothel, she plots her escape and her brutal revenge.
In northeast China, 986 AD, the Khitan army abducts a general, leaving his wife and seven sons to rescue him -- and fall into their deadly trap. The young men set out with a band of fighters to face an army of thousands and bring their father home.
In a crazy, animated world of monkeys, beach officer Marco Macao finds himself facing a dangerous mission after he discovers a casino owner's evil plans. Joining a band of monkey pirates, Marco sets out to save his island home and his sweetheart.

With dreams of one day becoming a filmmaker, lesbian Natalie rules the NYC underground as a dominatrix, a job that makes her a star in her own right. But when she gets an internship on a real movie set, she must decide which life she wants to pursue.
Stella and Dot, a lesbian couple, escape from their nursing home and head to Canada to get married. Along the way, they pick up a young male hitchhiker, a troubled soul who has much to learn about courage from the two ladies.
Putting a new spin on spooky, the haunted soul in this film -- 15-year-old Lisa -- is long dead, and the ghost she senses is a flesh-and-blood teen. Once Lisa figures out the score, she must help her real-life haunter unravel their house's secrets.
Combining interviews, archival footage and re-creations, filmmaker


Determined to be recognized as members of the sport's elite, eight young street skateboarders prepare for New York's Street League Championship. This documentary captures the doubts and dangers each athlete faces in the quest for money and fame.
On a mission in Egypt, adventurer Ad
Following her divorce, Sophia and her daughter move into a new home. After the child loses her first tooth, a visit from "the tooth fairy" turns into a gory nightmare -- and it soon becomes clear that the house has a very dark past.
Some weddings may be fairy tales come true, but these ceremonies are more like nightmares due to the unreasonable demands, temper tantrums and explosive behavior of the brides involved, as revealed in this addictive reality series.
After years of failure, an off-the-wall inventor and his fast-talking salesman friend watch their business go belly up. Convinced one of their gadgets will be the key to riches, the partners bank on one last brainstorm to change their fortunes.
As a middle-aged black man goes on a date with a young white man he met on the Internet, his teen daughter spends an evening with an ex-basketball star. But their attempts to make intimate connections are hindered by the secrets each holds.
A Canadian obstetrician living in Israel makes multiple passes through heavily guarded checkpoints to get to her job at a women's health clinic in Palestine. But political tensions take on personal overtones when she befriends a pregnant patient.
When high schooler Leo moves into his stepfather's home, he's surprised to learn he has three stepsiblings -- each with bionic powers. Leo decides to help the previously isolated "special" siblings learn how to operate in the outside world.
Firefighter Chan becomes a superhero after he's infected by solar mercury as a result of being stabbed with an ancient amulet. Now, he must save the world from a terrorist who wants the power of the amulet for himself.
Christine, an ad exec whose veins run with ice water, has no qualms about taking the credit for a plum idea dreamed up by her mousy assistant, Isabel. But the incident sparks shy, passive Isabel to undertake a campaign of revenge against her boss.

Ruthless Congressman Francis Underwood and his ambitious wife Claire will stop at nothing to conquer Washington D.C. in this dark political drama, winner of three Emmy Awards, including Best Director, and a Golden Globe for Best Actress.



When a local game warden is murdered, farmer Jesse Hanson is arrested. Jesse's sister-in-law, a Chicago lawyer, comes back to Spoon River to defend him, but when more bizarre killings take place, she discovers her hometown houses ghastly secrets.

Set in Los Angeles, this action-thriller follows a veteran DEA operative who's closing in on an international cocaine-smuggling ring. But when a fellow agent goes undercover with the drug dealers and gets in too deep, the case becomes personal.
What happens when the coolest rock star in the world is held hostage by the hottest sorority babes on campus? The most outrageously rockin' seriously sexy Sorority House Party of all time!
After inexplicably being blacklisted by his government handlers and having all his assets frozen, quick-thinking and resourceful spy Michael Westen tries to uncover who's responsible for burning him while helping ordinary people with big problems.
An epic showdown ensues when a gangland crime boss -- torn between his legacy and a desire to get out of the business -- pits his hit-man protg against a ruthless new player who's plotting his ascent to power.
In this stand-up special filmed in Kansas City, comedian

After their unstable mom leaves them at home alone, 14-year-old Robbie has no choice but to look after his half-brother, Fess, through the long days of a rural Mississippi summer -- until his feckless older brother returns and alters everything.
When two HYDRA scientists create an energy-sucking villain named Zzzax, a massive blackout threatens the planet, and Iron Man and the Incredible Hulk must team up to save humankind from destruction.
Ad execs live up to their cutthroat reputation as agencies go head-to-head for new clients, with only seven days to build the perfect sales pitch. From brainstorm to delivery, teams struggle to come up with killer creative that will seal the deal.
Teen assassins Violet and Daisy are normally unaffected by the gruesome details of their job. But when their latest target turns out to be someone unexpected, a simple hit becomes much more complicated in this vivid thriller.
With all his friends from the Hundred Acre Wood coming together to celebrate the holiday season, Pooh Bear helps Rabbit plan a New Year's party. Meanwhile, Piglet starts bouncing around wildly, while his pal Tigger simultaneously loses his bounce.
Four twentysomethings struggling to find direction and meaning in their lives meet by chance in a New York City Irish tavern. After bonding over drinks, they proceed to put each other through an emotional wringer.
Taking cues from New York City's unnaturally bright nighttime sky, documentarian
Production assistant Skye Yarrow teams up with journalist Jeff Sefton to investigate her popular show's obsessive fans -- and their possible involvement in copycat crimes drawn from the program.
Production assistant Skye Yarrow teams up with journalist Jeff Sefton to investigate her popular show's obsessive fans -- and their possible involvement in copycat crimes drawn from the program.
With a team that includes an American cop, an Italian interrogator, a German tech guru and an Irish weapons expert, the International Criminal Court's special crime unit hunts down lawbreakers whose offenses cross borders in Europe.
With a team that includes an American cop, an Italian interrogator, a German tech guru and an Irish weapons expert, the International Criminal Court's special crime unit hunts down lawbreakers whose offenses cross borders in Europe.
With help from his guitars, comedian
Nostalgic for the dirty, dangerous New York of his youth, Malcolm starts a crime wave, which he hopes will catch on and end gentrification. But this is a big city and Malcolm's just one guy ... and no one seems to be paying attention.
In the third chapter of the Wishmaster fantasy-horror franchise, college coed Diana Collins (
The evil Djinn returns in the fourth installment of this popular shocker. Released via an ancient antique box opened by Lisa Burnley, the spirit assumes the identity of Lisa's lawyer and aims to fool her into making three evil wishes. Although suspicious of her suddenly very different lawyer, Lisa nevertheless makes the three wishes, causing all hell to break loose as members of the Brotherhood of Djinn are spectacularly awoken.
Accidentally released after being trapped inside a gemstone for centuries, a demonic entity sets out to grant three wishes to regain its human form. Though the genie makes dreams come true, it also wreaks havoc on those who succumb to its offer.
When an ancient evil entity known as the Djinn is accidentally released after being trapped in a stone for centuries, it sets out to grant three wishes so it can regain its human form, wreaking bloody havoc on the souls who succumb to its offer.

Fifteen-year-old farm-girl Tara Webster has always dreamt of dancing. When she makes it into the best school in the country, her dreams come true but she is far behind in her training, and there's more to surviving the Academy than just dancing.
Set during the Russian Revolution, this comic miniseries is based on a doctor's memories of his early career working in an out-of-the-way village. The medicine man's experiences with his patients fuel his thoughts on the physician's role in society.
After casting a raucous shadow over Scott and Kristin's wedding, hard-partying best man Lumpy dies, derailing the couple's honeymoon plans. But as they plan Lumpy's funeral, the newlyweds uncover some surprising facts about their obnoxious friend.
Set during the Russian Revolution, this comic miniseries is based on a doctor's memories of his early career working in an out-of-the-way village. The medicine man's experiences with his patients fuel his thoughts on the physician's role in society.
Partners in a Parisian night spot, Milan and Victor try to line their pockets in an ill-fated drug deal and wind up getting arrested. Six years after beating the rap, the two face more peril when the gangster they ratted on gets out of prison.

Professional bowling goes from kitschy to cool in this riveting documentary, as a new breed of corporate league owners changes the game from low profile to high profits. This documentary takes you behind the scenes of professional bowling and features interviews with some of the sport's best athletes:



Filmmaker

Documentarian
Allison Dubois (
Hosted by creator
Hosted by creator


Trouble arises when a marriage counselor's public and private lives clash when she gets involved with one of her clients, despite being married herself. The initial thrill of the affair soon gives way to deep regret.
In this illuminating documentary, filmmaker
A former bounty hunter turned school teacher is determined keep her past a secret. When her fianc follows her home for the Christmas holiday, she struggles to hide her wild family business and an ex-boyfriend she thought she had left behind.
On returning home and finding they're believed to be dead, a collection of near-strangers from the same village try to find a reason for their plight. Among the returnees are Claire and daughter Camille, whose twin sister, Lena, is still living.
On returning home and finding they're believed to be dead, a collection of near-strangers from the same village try to find a reason for their plight. Among the returnees are Claire and daughter Camille, whose twin sister, Lena, is still living.
When an injury ends her career as a gymnast, Jane falls back into lackluster job and a passionless marriage. That is, until she begins work on an aerial act with another beautiful gymnast and feels the stirrings of unexpected love.
Wealthy Argentinean teen Lala has been gaga for her family's maid, Ailin, since the day she joined the household three years ago. Now 16, Lala finds her affections returned, and the pair is planning to run off together in this romantic thriller.
Fantasy and reality collide in this engaging Internet series that follows a quirky group of gamers, including Codex (
Fantasy and reality collide in this engaging Internet series that follows a quirky group of gamers, including Codex (
Fantasy and reality collide in this engaging Internet series that follows a quirky group of gamers, including Codex (
Fantasy and reality collide in this engaging Internet series that follows a quirky group of gamers, including Codex (
Fantasy and reality collide in this engaging Internet series that follows a quirky group of gamers, including Codex (
Fantasy and reality collide in this engaging Internet series that follows a quirky group of gamers, including Codex (
Charlie Petunia hails from a family of neurotic New Yorkers and has sworn off sex. When he meets George, Charlie thinks he's finally found a guy worth breaking that pledge -- but their relationship hits a snag when Charlie learns George has a wife.
Soon after waiter Mustafa woos pretty student Wajma, they begin a covert relationship that's as passionate as it is risky in their Afghan culture. But when Wajma becomes pregnant, her father must choose between tradition and mercy.

Determined to fall in love, 15-year-old Adele is focused on boys. But it's a blue-haired girl she meets on the street who really piques her interest. Soon, Adele is exploring her desire for girls as she negotiates her way to becoming a woman.
A horde of zombie demons, or zemons, is unleashed on the world after college kids unwittingly create an evil curse. This curse causes everyone whom they make eye contact with to turn into zemons. Now, they only have 24 hours to reverse the curse.
Fantasy and reality collide in this engaging Internet series that follows a quirky group of gamers, including Codex (
Martial arts expert Nguyen Vu vows to have his revenge on the cruel empress Thai Hau, who's responsible for the beheading of his entire family. Joined by lethal swordswoman Hoa Xuan, Vu takes on the palace guards in a bloody fight to the finish.
Located in a strip mall, the Bobby Wasabi Martial Arts Academy is in danger of closing -- until Sensei Rudy recruits Jack, the only student who can restore glory to the dojo and vanquish their bitter rivals.
When American soldiers inadvertently steal Attila the Hun's secret riches, the wrath of the barbarian is awakened, and the mummified warrior will stop at nothing to get back what is his.
Twelve-year-old Sabrina Spellman lives with a big secret: She's half mortal and half witch! Among the few people who know Sabrina's secret are her aunts Hilda and Zelda, her best friend, Chloe, and her cat Salem.

Great to enjoy all year long, this beautiful program reveals a mountain stream as it flows over rocks. See insects as they buzz by or watch a leaf or two fall from a tree. This is a relaxing backdrop to play all the time.

Arrested in 1970 after trying to smuggle two kilos of hash out of Turkey, American student Billy Hayes faces a nightmare 30-year jail sentence. The young man's harsh recollections form the basis for this chilling tale of survival.
Mollie is a single working mother who's out to find the perfect father for her child. Her baby, Mikey, prefers James, a cab driver turned babysitter who has what it takes to make them both happy. But Mollie won't even consider James.
This Tinseltown satire stars
A magic movie ticket gains a young fan unprecedented access to his favorite action hero after being sucked out of his seat and onto the big screen. But things spin out of control when a fiendish movie villain uses the ticket to enter the real world.
In this charming romantic comedy based on a true story, a coffee-shop waitress gets a life-changing tip when a beat cop comes up short on pocket change and promises her half of his potential winnings from a lottery ticket.
Beethoven, the beloved St. Bernard from the original 1992 comedy, is back -- and this time, he has a whole brood with him now that he's met his canine match, Missy, and fathered a family. The only problem is that Missy's owner, Regina (
Nominated for six Oscars, this edge-of-your-seat dramatic triumph follows the trials of a German U-boat crew during World War II. Upon its restored re-release in 1997, an hour was added to the original film, which further augmented its impact. It also played as a six-hour German miniseries. In all its forms, the realistic and gripping battle scenes and palpable human struggle make Das Boot a critical hit.
In this compelling neo-noir set in 1948 Los Angeles, a stranger asks war veteran "Easy" Rawlins to help him locate a missing woman. But Rawlins gets more than he bargained for and soon becomes entangled in a murder mystery.
Expecting the usual tedium of summer in the mountains with her family, 17-year-old Frances is surprised to find herself stepping into the shoes of a professional dancer -- and falling in love with the resort's free-spirited dance instructor.
With cash from a cocaine sale, two freewheeling hippies hop on their motorcycles and ride across America toward New Orleans, clashing with rednecks and picking up a boozy lawyer along the way in this counterculture classic.
This south-of-the-border action flick picks up where the 1992 indie hit El Mariachi left off. Seeking revenge for the killing of his girlfriend, El Mariachi goes in search of the seedy drug lord responsible -- and a showdown ensues.
After inadvertently inspiring a listener's murderous rampage, pompous shock jock Jack Lucas starts spending time with Parry -- a dotty vagrant whose wife was killed in the carnage -- in an attempt to redeem himself.
Director
Nobody believes teenager Charley Brewster when he discovers that his suave new neighbor is a vampire. So when the bloodsucker starts stalking Charley, he turns to has-been actor Peter Vincent, famed for portraying a ghoul hunter.
Two brothers, ex-prisoner Emmett (

Teenage tomboy Mattie Ross enlists the help of crusty lawman Rooster Cogburn to track down the hired hand who murdered her father. Joining them is Texas Ranger La Boeuf, who's after the killer for a different crime.
When FBI agent Joe Pistone goes undercover and rechristens himself Donnie Brasco to infiltrate the mob, he increasingly identifies with the made men he's charged with taking down in this engrossing crime drama based on a true story.
The lush adaptation of Victor Hugo's novel stars
Chronic grouch and acerbic author Melvin Udall lives in an obsessive-compulsive fog, rigidly following his daily routine -- till he's reluctantly drawn into the lives of stressed-out single mom Carol Connelly, gay neighbor Simon Bishop and his dog.
Shy seventh-grader Spencer Griffith goes from zero to hero when he discovers an alien space suit that gives him extraordinary powers -- which he's eager to use to get back at his tormentor and impress his dream girl.
In this adaptation of Thomas Harris's novel, FBI trainee Clarice Starling ventures into a maximum-security asylum to pick the diseased brain of Hannibal Lecter, hoping the psychiatrist turned homicidal cannibal can help her catch a serial killer.
When guidance counselor Sam Lombardo rejects the advances of teen socialite Kelly Van Ryan, she accuses him of rape. In short order, Sam is suspended by the school, rejected by the country club and fighting to get his life back.
At a wild party, newly minted high school graduates celebrate and ponder the future -- including love-struck dork Preston Meyers, who tries to work up the courage to act on his feelings for beautiful prom queen Amanda Beckett.
As dead bodies inexplicably return to life and feast on human flesh, young Barbara (
After a cute political campaign worker spurns him, an unhinged New York City cabbie decides to assassinate her candidate. Meanwhile, he tries to protect a child prostitute from a smooth-talking pimp in this gripping tale of urban decay and insanity.
Three student filmmakers march into the woods to make a documentary about the fabled Blair Witch, who's credited with a string of murders dating back 200 years. But when the trio loses their way, they find themselves besieged by a malignant terror.
Best friends Alice (
When a reluctant bridegroom suddenly disappears on his wedding day, his best friends have only two hours to retrieve him from the home of his high school sweetheart, get him sober and cure him of his cold feet.
Mr. and Mrs. Little want to adopt a brother for their only child but get more than they bargained for when they take in the precocious Stuart -- a mouse with an attitude. But Stuart may not be around long if the family cat can make a meal of him!
Diagnosed with a disorder, Susanna Kaysen is sent to a mental institution, where she enters the skewed world of people who truly belong on the inside.
After her drunken antics ruin her sister's wedding and result in major property damage, journalist Gwen Cummings enters rehab, where she runs afoul of the program director -- and soon meets a fellow resident who changes her outlook.
Vying for a spot in the prestigious American Ballet Company, 12 ambitious dance students are ready to push their bodies and minds to the limit to realize their ultimate dreams. With the audition looming, conflicts within the group arise.
Trapped near the summit of K2, the world's second-highest mountain, Annie radios to base camp for help. Her brother Peter assembles a team to save her and her group, but the rescuers face terrifying conditions on their mission.
Featuring a star-studded cast, this bittersweet drama follows the abiding friendship among five tight-knit women who congregate at a beauty parlor in a small Louisiana town to laugh, cry and discuss their lives.
When film student Amy makes a movie about urban legends, a faceless killer quickly thins her cast, and the lines between fact and fiction become hopelessly blurred. Now, Amy must unravel the mystery before the murderer gets to her.
While honeymooning in the land Down Under, reluctant Japanese bride Midori (
It's been five years since Freddy Krueger tormented those hapless Elm Street teens with his razor glove and maniacal sense of humor. But he's back for revenge, with his sights set on another innocent victim he can torture and possess.
Mollie (
With dreams of steady ranch work and a better life, John (
While fixing up their summer cottage, Michel (
Prep-schooler Paul Hood (
After being chomped by a genetically altered spider, shy high schooler Peter Parker (
Princess Ann leaves her guardians, and while in Rome, she's taken under the wing of tabloid writer Joe and his photographer sidekick. She thinks the boys don't know who she really is, but they're onto her -- and sense a sensational story.
Undercover cop Frank Serpico is an honest man who is threatened and wounded for refusing to take part in corruption. Based on a real-life story, this engrossing biopic is a testament to one man's effort to reform the New York City Police Department.
When a fanatical U.S. general launches an air strike against the Soviets, they raise the stakes by threatening to unleash a "doomsday device," setting the stage for Armageddon in this classic black comedy that brilliantly skewers the nuclear age.
After sleeping with a boy she barely knew, Beverly gets married on a whim and discovers that her newborn isn't the only one who has a lot of growing up to do. Her teenage husband is a still a kid -- and so is she.
A young man who's smitten with a girl he met on the subway spends an entire movie trying to reunite with her. Meanwhile, his best friend aids his quest by wallpapering Chicago with signs that become the talk of the town.
After the untimely death of their parents, teenage Ruby and her little brother, Rhett, move in with childless friends of the family. Little do they know that their new guardians have sinister motives for taking them in.
When corporate overachiever Shant
Freewheeling publishing heir David Aames has it all: wealth, good looks and a gorgeous socialite on his arm. But when his face is horribly disfigured in an auto accident, Aames loses everything ... or does he?
On a bet, a gridiron hero at John Hughes High School sets out to turn a bespectacled plain Jane into a beautiful prom queen in this outrageous parody that ruthlessly lampoons popular teen movies of all stripes.

Setting her sights on handsome real-estate agent Peter Donahue after a brief nightclub encounter, party girl Christina Walters -- with her two best friends in tow -- embarks on a wild road trip to track him down in this ribald farce.
Reporter John Klein is plunged into a world of impossible terror and unthinkable chaos when fate draws him to a sleepy West Virginia town whose residents are being visited by a great winged shape that sows hideous nightmares and fevered visions.
When writer Nick Gardenia is abducted from his home and forced to rob a bank, his quiet life is thrown into chaos. Now a felon and a fugitive, Nick seeks help from an unlikely source: his ex-wife -- a public defender who's married to a prosecutor.
A woman and her daughter are caught in a game of cat-and-mouse with three burglars in their New York City home and are forced to retreat inside a vault. As the intruders try to breach the room's security, the embattled duo must stay one step ahead.
Legendary skateboarder


This sequel to The Blue Lagoon finds Richard -- the orphaned son of the lovers from the original film -- stranded on an island with a widow, Sarah, and her daughter, Lilli. When Sarah dies, Richard and Lilli grow up together and fall in love.
Tom eagerly agrees to house-sit for his demanding boss, hoping to use it as an opportunity to win the heart of the boss's daughter, Lisa. But a string of unannounced guests -- including Lisa's druggie brother -- threatens to foil Tom's plans.
An American submarine stumbles upon a downed British hospital ship while navigating treacherous waters during World War II. After rescuing the ship's three remaining survivors, Lt. Brice and his men discover that a ghostly threat lurks far below.
Director
Three brothers who are out on bail and awaiting trial for armed robbery decide to attempt one more massive heist before they're hauled off to jail. Meanwhile, their lawyer is sleeping with one brother's wife.
This animated adventure goes back in time to the Care Bears' first-ever Caring Mission, when True Heart Bear and Noble Heart Horse touch down on Earth to boost the spirits of some unhappy kids at summer camp.
Undocumented immigrants Okwe and Senay work at a posh London hotel and live in constant fear of deportation. One night, Okwe stumbles across evidence of a bizarre murder, setting off a series of events that could lead to disaster -- or freedom.
With summer on the horizon, seven girls who run a booming babysitting service want to branch out with a day camp for youngsters. But their new venture soon hits more than a few snags, including cranky neighbors.
When his only friend dies, a man with dwarfism relocates to an abandoned train station in rural New Jersey, intent on living the life of a hermit. But his solitude is interrupted by his colorful neighbors.
Still sexy at 60, Harry Sanborn is having the time of his life, wining, dining and bedding women half his age. But when he agrees to go to the Hamptons with his girlfriend, their getaway goes awry after her playwright mother stops in unannounced.
Teenager Leland Fitzgerald appears to have everything going for him, including a famous writer father. So, what drove him to kill? It's up to a teacher who works with inmates to unearth the anger and fear lurking beneath Leland's unruffled surface.
Based on the classic tale of "Swan Lake," this animated feature tells the story of Princess Odette, a sweet girl who's turned into a graceful swan by a sorcerer. As a bird, Odette befriends the creatures of the water but hopes to become human again.
When her essay about a woman posing as a male jock is scoffed at during a contest, a teenage journalist decides to prove her theory's feasibility by dressing up as one of her male peers and enrolling at a neighboring high school.
Trucker Lincoln Hawk hopes to reunite with the son he abandoned years earlier. Standing in Hawk's way is the boy's unforgiving grandfather, who will retain custody of his grandson unless Hawk wins the prize money in a national arm-wrestling contest.
Rocker Drumstrings Casey's voice is music to the ears of one small-town woman, whose obsession prompts her to carve his name into her forehead during a concert. As the media learns of her stunt, star and fan are propelled toward one another.



Two teens try to destroy a suburban family in director
Geared up for carousing around South Central Los Angeles, an ex-soldier who's just accepted a job with the DEA cajoles his pal into joining him for a little hell-raising. But when their good times turn to tragedy, the buddies face a rude awakening.

It's the classic tale of Robin Hood ... reenvisioned by comic master

Farm boy Blaine Rawlings and his fellow soldiers become the world's first fighter pilots when they join the Lafayette Escadrille, a squadron of Americans who are volunteering for the French military at the dawn of World War I.
Ten-year-old Arthur discovers a world of tiny people living in the backyard of his home, which is slated for demolition. A cryptic message leads Arthur to the mini community, where he searches for a rumored treasure in an effort to save his house.

A trio of criminals (
When jailed ex-Marine Tim Kearney is offered a way out of prison by posing as legendary drug dealer Bobby Z in a hostage exchange, Kearney takes the bait. But the plan goes awry, and he soon finds himself on the run -- with Bobby's young son in tow.
Ex-cardsharp Tommy Vinson swore himself off the cards years ago, but when he takes on a cocky young player named Alex Stillman as his protg, he quickly finds himself drawn back into the world of high-stakes poker.
After his bent for muckraking nets him a job at a glossy Big Apple magazine, boorish British tabloid writer Sidney Young tries to curry favor with the synthetic glitterati he covers as well as with his imperious boss -- with disastrous results.
When a Federation starship crash-lands on the far-flung alien planet OM-1, its passengers -- including starship leader Sky Marshal Anoke and pilot Lola Beck -- find themselves stranded, and their only hope of deliverance lies with Col. Johnny Rico.
Wounded in Africa during World War II, a disillusioned Nazi colonel returns to his native Germany and joins the Resistance in a daring plan to create a shadow government and assassinate Adolf Hitler.


After learning his dachshund pal has been abducted by a group of spoiled pets who want to return him to domesticity, Elliot the buck and his bear buddy venture behind enemy lines -- along with their forest-dwelling cohorts -- to free the wiener dog.
A top-secret government agency sends a 16-year-old half-vampire to an American military base to ferret out a powerful demon who's masquerading as a student in this live-action version of the 2001 anime film of the same name.
Just as Princess Odette and Prince Derek prepare to celebrate a year of happy marriage, odious villain Clavius launches an attack to get his hands on a mystical orb that will allow him to rule the world. Can Odette's special talent spoil his plans?
After five years in jail, Isaiah Bone at last has the freedom to do what he wants, and the first thing on his list is avenging a fallen friend. Of course, meting out justice -- Bone style -- will require immersion in the underground fighting scene.
Visiting a rural town to find a father she's never met, Summer (
In this gripping thriller, a group of men volunteers to take on the roles of guards and inmates at a mock prison as part of a controversial psychological study. But when the guards abuse their power in alarming ways, the prisoners stage a revolt.
When a diplomat narrowly misses assassination, a bodyguard rushes the politician to the hospital and prepares for the bad guys to come finish the job. But how long can one man and his new ally, an ordinary nurse, hold out against the coming siege?
When guitar player El Mariachi arrives in a small Mexican town, drug lord Moco mistakes him for an assassin who carries a trademark guitar case full of guns. Now El Mariachi must elude Moco's henchmen, who plan to shoot first and ask questions later.
While waiting to be shipped to Vietnam, young soldiers Billy (
To bypass his younger girlfriend (
This shot-for-shot revamp of director George A. Romero's watershed black-and-white original brings to lurid color the mortality tale of a band of small-town folks corralled in a farmhouse surrounded by an army of walking dead.
This gripping thriller follows a man who chats up a stranger during a night of drinking -- and accidentally sentences the people he gripes about to die. But as those on his theoretical "hit list" start turning up dead, a detective gets suspicious.

Grizzly bear Boog is geared up for the annual guys' trip, but his buddies want to stay home to spend time with their families instead. So, Boog heads out on his own -- and lands smack-dab in the middle of a traveling circus.
Special Weapons and Tactics commander Paul Cutler is sent from Los Angeles to Detroit to whip the city's S.W.A.T. team into shape. But after a botched hostage rescue, the squad becomes the target of a rogue government agent with revenge on his mind.

In this follow-up to the 2004 dance flick You Got Served, three battling dance crews perfect their moves for the global Beat the World contest. It's the ultimate testing ground, but which team has the skills to take the title?
This spooky thriller tracks the private nightmare of Mary Kee, a divorc
When a virus that turns its victims into crazed killers infects travelers on an airplane, authorities seal off the jet to let the bug run its course. Realizing they've been left to die, a flight attendant and a passenger plan a daring escape.

In this action-packed CG animation adaptation of Robert A. Heinlein's classic sci-fi tale, a starship crew on a secret mission goes missing in a nebula, and other troopers must embark on a rescue mission while also combating invading alien bugs.
In this alternate telling of Pokemon the Movie: Black: Victini and Reshiram, Ash uses the power of his ideals to awaken the legendary Pokemon Zekrom to help rescue the mythical Victini and save Eindoak Town from the misguided wanderer Damon.
When misguided wanderer Damon nabs the mythical Pokemon Victini to harness his power, Ash attempts to rescue Victini and save Eindoak Town. But first, Ash must pass a test that will earn him the help of the legendary Pokemon Reshiram.
In this animated comedy, adventurous young falcon Kai leaves the wilderness and his father to journey to the bird city of Zambezia -- where he learns some important life lessons about survival and community.
Iron Man enlists the help of ruthless vigilante the Punisher to track down War Machine's murderer. All the while, he's being pursued by S.H.I.E.L.D. agents Black Widow and Hawkeye, who suspect his involvement in a recent terrorist plot.


Disney vet
Paul breaks up couples for a living. Terrified of commitment himself, he's great at his job, but his career's about to implode. Facing the challenge of separating his own parents, Paul also tangles with a man who clings to him after being dumped.
Global soccer hero Thierry Henry stars in this up-close sports documentary that covers his 2010 move from Barcelona to the New York Red Bulls. Thierry's career achievements in European football make him an instant U.S. sports celebrity.

When 20-something bachelor Stan has to respond to his girlfriend's suggestion that they begin cohabitating, he knows he's facing a critical choice. To help him decide, Stan's two best friends suggest they take a deep dive into New York's nightlife.



It's good to be king! See Pingu pretend to be the king, try to catch a big fish, bake a delicious cake, sledge the day away and so much more in these twelve hilarious Arctic adventures!
Grab your galoshes because Pingu's on the ice in twelve slippery stories! Like some little penguins, Pingu thinks pranks can be fun, but when the sleds are turned, he learns some important lessons.


With stunning cinematography and innovative storytelling, this dazzling feature blurs the line between dream state and reality, inviting viewers into the mind of a common skier as he attempts to scale the ultimate mountain.

In the continuing adventures of the two spy siblings, Carmen gets caught in a virtual reality game designed by the kids' new nemesis, the Toymaker, and it's up to Juni to save her by battling through the game's levels.
Celebrate the remarkable 40-year career of influential Canadian rock band
A pioneer woman is forced to fight for what's hers when her husband disappears and a calculating preacher makes a play for her land. With support from an offbeat sheriff, she sets out on a path of vengeance.
Rock legend



In 605 B.C. Jerusalem was conquered by the Babylonnians and many of their best young men were taken into captivity, including Daniel. Daniel was taken to Babylon to serve it. As Powerful King , Nebuchandnezzar. Daniel as an example of boldness and faithfulness to God in the most difficult circumstances had eternal impact on the people and the kings that he encountered.
In this lesbian-themed nod to the film Run Lola Run, a perpetually late photographer races against the clock to make it to an important meeting on time -- and she's got three chances to reach her goal.
Shakespeare's "Romeo and Juliet" gets an update in this provocative drama, which sets the tale in an all-male military school where rival groups of cadets clash with one another -- and find desire in unexpected quarters.
This eye-opening documentary follows American basketball player
Enter the fascinating world of transgender activist and porn pioneer
Chicago construction worker Tad dreams of being a globe-trotting archaeologist. When he's mistaken for his hero, professor Max Mordon, Tad is swept up in a grand adventure in Peru involving a lost city and a mysterious code.
Go behind the glossy covers of
After discovering a pencil with peculiar properties, young Topper uses it to draw a rhino and conjures up a real one. When the massive beast starts rumbling around his town, Topper has some explaining to do.
Test video at 23.976. Test video at 23.976. Test video at 23.976. Test video at 23.976. Test video at 23.976. Test video at 23.976. Test video at 23.976. Test video at 23.976. Test video at 23.976. Test video at 23.976. Test video at 23.976. Test video at 23.976. Test video at 23.976.
Ad execs live up to their cutthroat reputation as agencies go head-to-head for new clients, with only seven days to build the perfect sales pitch. From brainstorm to delivery, teams struggle to come up with killer creative that will seal the deal.
Seduced by his daughter's alluring friend, a London screenwriter is implicated in her death when she's later found floating in a canal. As police investigate, he combs his memory, only to find the line between fact and fiction becoming blurred.
"Silent" is an animated short film created by Academy Award
Rich girl Molly Gunn has never had to work hard in her life -- until her father dies and her inheritance vanishes into thin air. To pay the bills, she becomes a nanny but finds herself in over her head when she starts caring for a neglected child.

These animated entries in the Star Wars sagas follow the adventures of the Jedi knights, including Anakin Skywalker -- who draws ever closer to the dark side -- and his master, Obi-Wan Kenobi. Season 6 available only on Netflix.
These animated entries in the Star Wars sagas follow the adventures of the Jedi knights, including Anakin Skywalker -- who draws ever closer to the dark side -- and his master, Obi-Wan Kenobi. Season 6 available only on Netflix.
These animated entries in the Star Wars sagas follow the adventures of the Jedi knights, including Anakin Skywalker -- who draws ever closer to the dark side -- and his master, Obi-Wan Kenobi. Season 6 available only on Netflix.
These animated entries in the Star Wars sagas follow the adventures of the Jedi knights, including Anakin Skywalker -- who draws ever closer to the dark side -- and his master, Obi-Wan Kenobi. Season 6 available only on Netflix.
These animated entries in the Star Wars sagas follow the adventures of the Jedi knights, including Anakin Skywalker -- who draws ever closer to the dark side -- and his master, Obi-Wan Kenobi. Season 6 available only on Netflix.
Convicted of rape and murder at age 18, Daniel Holden spends nearly 20 years on death row until DNA evidence finally brings the verdict into question. Now, Daniel must learn to live as a free man in a town where people still think he's guilty.
Convicted of rape and murder at age 18, Daniel Holden spends nearly 20 years on death row until DNA evidence finally brings the verdict into question. Now, Daniel must learn to live as a free man in a town where people still think he's guilty.
In this lyrical drama that explores the sometimes isolated lives of gay men in small towns, construction contractor Gabe and forklift operator Ernesto experience love and loss as they search for meaning and romance.
Some of the biggest names in comedy -- including
Grammy-winning recording artist and pop superstar
These animated entries in the Star Wars sagas follow the adventures of the Jedi knights, including Anakin Skywalker -- who draws ever closer to the dark side -- and his master, Obi-Wan Kenobi. Season 6 available only on Netflix.
These animated entries in the Star Wars sagas follow the adventures of the Jedi knights, including Anakin Skywalker -- who draws ever closer to the dark side -- and his master, Obi-Wan Kenobi. Season 6 available only on Netflix.
It's 1984, and Frank, a frustrated gay teen, flees to Amsterdam, where he finds a new home and a job at the House of Boys. Frank has no trouble fitting in, and frequently falls in love, but a newly discovered disease is about to change it all.
Sophisticated spy Archer may have the coolest gadgets, but he still has issues when it comes to dealing with his boss -- who also happens to be his mother -- in this wicked animated spoof of spy flicks and the sex-crazed agents who populate them.
In this satirical take on The Hunger Games, a young girl named Kantmiss takes part in a vicious competition that pits adolescents against one another. The tongue-in-cheek comedy also spoofs The Avengers, Sherlock Holmes and the Harry Potter saga.
Melody Gerard, a high-powered corporate executive, is in for an unpleasant surprise when she takes a spill and wakes up in an alternate universe where she never left home. She must make sense of her new life and decide if you truly can go home again.
In the shadowy back alleys of Paris, three women's lives intersect when Leena, an acquaintance of all three, inexplicably disappears. Sticking together to make sense of the mystery, the women take their search into the city's darkest recesses.

A year after college graduation, a pact reunites four gay men and a lesbian friend in New York City for a fateful Gay Pride weekend. As they catch up, some painful memories rise to the surface, bringing mistrust and bitterness into their celebration.
A cash-strapped couple fires their lesbian Mexican nanny, setting in motion events that lead to an immigration investigation and a deportation order. As Margarita's girlfriend fails to help her stay in the country, matters become desperate.
Featuring an impressive international cast that includes
High school quarterback Bobby Burkett shows talent, but the team he plays for is a perennial loser in a league dominated by the rival Vikings. When a new coach takes over the team, he inspires the gang of misfits to rally behind the quarterback.
In this lyrical animated film, when a shaman curses an Inuit village with starvation, three brave young souls undertake a quest to save their people. Their hope lies in a place called Sarila, where food is abundant, but only the good may enter.
Looking for a haven from the social hell of high school, the teens in this dramedy form a social club they know no one else will join. Here, it doesn't matter that Min and Terese are more than just friends, or that the quarterback is seeing a guy.
"On the night that he is released from prison, Lucas Blackstone (


With an oil pipeline proposal comes talk of what there is to be gained. STAND asks the question, 'What do we stand to lose?' A hauntingly beautiful examination of the people and culture of the Great Bear Rainforest - and the lives of those committed to defending its fragile ecosystems and fjords - one paddle stroke at a time.
A test Example 2 Hour A/V Sync Test Clear. A test Example 2 Hour A/V Sync Test Clear. A test Example 2 Hour A/V Sync Test Clear. A test Example 2 Hour A/V Sync Test Clear. A test Example 2 Hour A/V Sync Test Clear. A test Example 2 Hour A/V Sync Test Clear.
Playing the hero first portrayed by Bruce Lee in Fist of Fury,
While on vacation in rural England, American teen Daisy slowly comes to appreciate the people around her and soon falls in love with local boy Eddie. But her summer idyll comes to an abrupt end when rumors of World War III become a reality.

When American poet Elizabeth Bishop makes an inspiring visit to Rio, she catches the eye of an old friend's lover, Brazilian architect Lota de Macedo Soares, and begins to blossom under her attention, changing in ways she never imagined.




Miami narcotics cops Mike Lowrey and Marcus Burnett are on the trail of a master crook who's snatched $100 million worth of heroin. To get the lone witness to talk, Lowrey and Burnett must pose as each other, swapping lives as they work the case.
In their second of four on-screen teamings,
In a future where status is determined by genetics, a genetically flawed "In-Valid" man conspires to game the system in order to achieve his lifelong dream. In the process, he meets and falls in love with a beautiful "Valid" with a heart defect.
Wally Karew is blind, and Dave Lyons is deaf. But when a man is murdered right outside the newsstand where they work, the police collar the unlikely duo and tag them as the primary suspects.
When Samantha LeBon (
In this animated film, an evil witch named Zelda destroys the peace in Swan Lake by stealing its treasures and spiriting Princess Odette away. It's up to Prince Derek and the animals to bring her back to safety.
Two Florida high school vixens hatch a murderous plan to win an inheritance, but they hadn't bargained for an escalating whirpool of blackmail and sexual games with a sleazy insurance investigator who has his own plans for the money.
When an aircraft is forced to make an emergency landing near the site of a radioactive spill, the passengers are transformed into ultraviolent, flesh-eating zombies who emerge from the hatch and set off on a feeding frenzy across the city.
With school out for the summer, the Littles are vacationing in a cabin by the lake, and Stuart is so excited he could burst! But when Snowbell the cat is captured by a mean-spirited creature known simply as the Beast, it's up to Stuart and a skunk named Reeko to rescue him and a few other friends.
Rejected by a prestigious ballet school, self-taught Kate questions whether she has what it takes to make it. But with the help of a former hockey player and some hip-hop inspiration, Kate realizes that she isn't ready to give up her dream.
This documentary profiles Mildred and
A tide of desperate immigrants from Africa washes over an island off Sicily, generating fear and conflict among the isle's fishermen residents. The film focuses on a single local family struggling to come to grips with the changes to their world.
Believing he's dying, former comedian Mark hires a young cameraman to capture important life lessons for his unborn son on video. But as Mark rattles off tips about dealing with women, bullies and alcohol, he also learns a lot about himself.
Straight from the Folly Theater in Kansas City, Mo., polyrhythmic comedian and entertainer
Weaving story and character with award-winning ski and snowboard cinematography, Valhalla follows one man's escape into the woods -- and his wild journey toward satisfaction, understanding and love -- in some of the deepest snows on Earth.
Veteran stand-up and Cincinnati native
Both Nihat and Seher have escaped troubled pasts by hiding from the world, so when their paths cross, they're understandably wary of each other. But they also need each other more than they know, and escaping proves easier when done together.


El Fuente Test. El Fuente Test. El Fuente Test. El Fuente Test. El Fuente Test. El Fuente Test. El Fuente Test. El Fuente Test. El Fuente Test. El Fuente Test. El Fuente Test. El Fuente Test. El Fuente Test. El Fuente Test. El Fuente Test. El Fuente Test.
Example 2 Hour A/V Sync Test. Example 2 Hour A/V Sync Test. Example 2 Hour A/V Sync Test. Example 2 Hour A/V Sync Test. Example 2 Hour A/V Sync Test. Example 2 Hour A/V Sync Test. Example 2 Hour A/V Sync Test. Example 2 Hour A/V Sync Test. Example 2 Hour A/V Sync Test
Upwardly mobile Robert (
This critically acclaimed documentary follows a group of San Francisco exotic dancers who decide to unionize to gain better wages and sick pay and to protect themselves against secret customer videotapes.
This documentary by director


Filmmakers


Inspired by archaeologist

This documentary is an in-depth and at times incendiary look at the life and tragic death of former Pakistani prime minister
This award-winning documentary follows ecologist and cancer survivor
A symbol of power and danger, the gun has served as an American cultural icon since the nation's founding -- but nearly always in the hands of men. This documentary moves the focus to women and their changing attitudes about guns in society.

With the support of a teacher who advises the boys to follow their hearts, three teens experience the confusion of love and its many layers: Sameer pines for a childhood friend; rugged Vicky caters to the spoiled Ishika; and Karan falls for a widow.
Wealthy, charming Raj meets working-class beauty Simran on a train, he's instantly smitten. She feels the same, but she's betrothed to another man. Raj isn't about to give up, so he follows Simran from London to India to win her over.
With few clues to go on, no-nonsense detective Jai is tracking a gang of suave, motorbike-riding robbers who are sweeping through Mumbai. Jai's investigation leads him to a slacker mechanic whose riding skills may help bring the crooks to justice.
Squadron leader Veer Pratap Singh (
Hot on the tail of notorious globe-trotting thief who's eyeing a target in Mumbai, two cops team with a lovely expert on the crook's methods. Now, each side tries to outwit the other in a race against time.
Years after facing humiliating defeat on the field, a former field hockey star returns to the game as coach of the Indian women's national hockey team, striving to shape a ragtag bunch of female athletes into a playing force to be reckoned with.
Suri, a mild-mannered office worker, sees his ordinary existence transform into an extraordinary love story when he falls for Taani, a vivacious young woman who lives life to the fullest.
When they learn that the owner of the flat they want to rent is only considering female applicants, Sameer and Kunal pose as a gay couple to win her trust. But the jig might be up when the they fall head over heels for their beautiful roommate, Neha.
This romantic comedy follows Rocket Singh, a salesman performing so well at work that he decides to start a company within the company he works for. In an effort to keep his venture under wraps, Singh adds con artist to his list of credentials.
Ex-child actor Jackie leaves the entertainment world for college, where she meets engaging professor Catherine, who has a reputation for breaking the hearts of other women. Jackie ignores friends and begins a romantic relationship with Catherine.
Shruti and Bittoo start a wedding planning company together after they graduate from college. All signs point to success until the partners let romance get in the way of business. They go separate ways, but fate conspires to bring them back together.
Asked to find a bride for his brother, Bollywood film producer Kush locates a beautiful woman -- and promptly falls in love with her himself. She loves Kush, too, and soon the pair schemes to short-circuit the fast-approaching arranged marriage.

Sparks fly when Roy, an Israeli lawyer, and Nimr, a Palestinian graduate student, meet at a bar in Tel Aviv. But their budding relationship is threatened when Nimr's student visa is revoked and he faces deportation.
This modern fairy tale follows three seemingly disparate sets of young people whose lives intertwine on New Year's Eve. At the center of the story is a pair of star-crossed lovers who seem destined to end up in each other's arms.
Joining his school soccer team on a trip to Italy for a championship game, quiet Anil observes as his peers leap at the chance to sow their wild oats. When one of his teammates goes too far, Anil is extremely disturbed by the turn of events.
Prior to World War II, Briton
On the outs with her girlfriend and overwhelmed by daily stress, a young woman has a one-night-stand with a strange man at a party and soon becomes alarmingly ill. But what she thinks is a sexually transmitted disease turns out to be far worse.
This documentary highlights four cases in which whistleblowers exposed government wrongdoing to the media and faced serious repercussions. Those profiled include Marine Corps adviser
Lush scenery and gorgeous photography highlight this bio of Princess Kaiulani, a 19th-century Hawaiian princess raised in England but determined to maintain her people's independence from aggressive American businessmen.
Jam-packed with previously unseen family videos, rare photos, and new interviews with family, friends, and legendary musicians like Smokey Robinson and Dionne Warwick, this tribute offers a unique inside look at the King of Pop.
A Disney Channel series designed with the whole family in mind, this television sitcom revolves around tiny Charlotte "Charlie" Duncan and her effect on her parents and three older siblings, who do their best to give her advice about growing up.

With a huge female following and the ability to cross over to both Midwestern mainstream and Hispanic fan bases, cheerleader turned stand-up comedienne
Two Mississippi teens, Ellis and Neckbone, meet a mysterious drifter named Mud hiding on a deserted river island and get caught up in his tangled web of tall tales about bounty hunters, crimes of passion, lost love and a perfect woman named Juniper.

This thriller follows the ups and downs of thief Franck Adrien, who's serving prison time for a job whose proceeds he's safely stashed away. But when the hidden loot and his family are compromised, Franck has no choice but to bust out early.
In the wake of his literary success, Beat writer Jack Kerouac retreats to a small cabin in California's Big Sur to try and sort out his life. When isolation leads him to take a break in San Francisco, he's soon involved with his buddy's mistress.
Test Pattern: Downscaling 2997fps. Test Pattern: Downscaling 2997fps. Test Pattern: Downscaling 2997fps. Test Pattern: Downscaling 2997fps. Test Pattern: Downscaling 2997fps. Test Pattern: Downscaling 2997fps. Test Pattern: Downscaling 2997fps,
Karma catches up with superficial, stick-thin Deb Dobkins in this engaging comedy series when she dies and returns to Earth in the body of smart, plus-size attorney Jane Bingum, who's just the type of person Deb dismissed in her previous life.


In this biting and disturbing coming-of-age tale from writer-director
In this seriocomic study of class differences in India, a young hotel worker becomes obsessed with a swimming pool at an opulent mansion in Panjom, Goa. His life takes a wild turn when he meets the mysterious family that arrives at the house.
When his son's 11-year-old friend is abducted by an African warlord and his rebel forces, a Dutch restaurateur naively ventures into a war zone to rescue the boy from his captors -- who are determined to turn him into a foot soldier.
As four high school seniors contend with raging hormones, screwball teachers, dead-end jobs and other teen troubles, two of their classmates working on a special project follow them with a video camera and capture every embarrassing moment on tape.
Kyo Kusanagi (
When openly gay writer Peyton and love-starved pastor's wife Elena meet, they immediately form a strong bond. But the warmth of friendship soon erupts into a sizzling affair, forcing both women to confront unexpected feelings.
As a 14-year-old Arab living in London, Mo is desperate to make friends and worships his older brother, Rashid, a gregarious local gang member. But Mo eventually makes an ill-fated play to fit in that changes both brothers' lives forever.
When awkward teenager Curtis starts helping his bohemian next-door neighbor Syd with a video project, their unlikely partnership leads to rekindled friendships between Curtis's family and the quirky residents of Syd's house.
When their shantytowns are threatened with mass eviction, three "young lions" of South Africa's new generation rise from the shacks and take their government to the highest court in the land, putting the promises of democracy to the test.
Waking up after a bender, a record producer finds himself in a cellblock reserved for gay and transgender prisoners and ruled by a drag queen. If he hopes to survive this brutal new world, he'll have to learn to navigate the power structure.
Set in apartheid-era South Africa, this coming-of-age drama follows a young boy with a newly discovered gift for surfing who's forced to make a painful choice when a jealous friend betrays him.
With zombies greatly outnumbering humans, every day is a fight to see tomorrow. When a woman is kidnapped by raiders, a small band of survivors must gather up what resources they can and launch an all-or-nothing rescue mission.

When gifted sculptor Camille Claudel, once the lover of Auguste Rodin, falls prey to mental illness, her family commits her to a psychiatric clinic. This subdued drama follows Camille's thoughts and moods as she waits for redemption to arrive.
While spending Christmas with his parents, recovering alcoholic Paul falls for handsome houseguest Gavin, who's pretending to be in a relationship with Paul's ex, Roy. But the equally smitten Gavin suspects Roy still pines for his former lover.
Through interviews and performance clips spanning the career of punk rocker


Heartwarming, funny and visually stunning, All Stars tells the story of two incredible kids with an extraordinary dream: to bring together a group of misfits and put on the show of a lifetime in order to save their beloved youth center.
Just when he's on the brink of proposing to his beautiful girlfriend, tour bus driver Paolo becomes mesmerized by a woman he sees on a bicycle. Driven to track down the object of his obsession, Paolo ends up knocking her down with his bus.
This follow-on documentary asserts that the Bush family dynasty engineered the deaths of John F. Kennedy and his son, who died in a 1999 plane crash. Among the issues raised are troubling irregularities in the search for John-John's downed aircraft.
Told from the viewpoint of a comatose burn victim's unborn child, this dark thriller focuses on Gabi Torres, the nurse in charge of the mother's care. While away from work, Gabi begins an illicit affair with a mystery man who may be a serial killer.
El Fuente: 60 MP10 El Fuente: 60 MP10 El Fuente: 60 MP10 El Fuente: 60 MP10 El Fuente: 60 MP10 El Fuente: 60 MP10 El Fuente: 60 MP10 El Fuente: 60 MP10 El Fuente: 60 MP10 El Fuente: 60 MP10 El Fuente: 60 MP10 El Fuente: 60 MP10 El Fuente: 60 MP10
While some sheepdogs are happy just to tend the herd, Pup is determined to prove he's the greatest sheepdog in the world -- by flying to the moon. Along the way, Pup meets a wild assortment of creatures, including a pack of rocket-launching canines.
A hardworking husband and father, Jay Harding views himself as a generous, loving and selfless man giving his all to make a great life for his family. But he soon discovers that everyone around him sees him as greedy, manipulative and selfish.
While her husband's flourishing creative career consumes all of his time, a woman struggles to balance her own aspirations with her motherly responsibilities, stopping at nothing in a quest to find her artistic voice.
This documentary spotlights
When an accident threatens his struggling family's survival, a father decides to sell his 11-year-old daughter into an arranged marriage -- but the girl's sister hatches a secret plan to save her.
The last mortal in a world of immortals, Nemo Nobody begins reviewing his life at the age of 120, trying to determine if he made the right decisions. Potential choices during a pivotal moment on a train platform lead to several possible lives.

Exploring the lives of a Mexican crime scene investigator and a Mexican American narcocorrido singer, this documentary examines how the culture of narcotics trafficking has become a twisted new version of the American Dream.
Unabashed, untamed and uncensored,
The musings of comedian



This downbeat Christmas comedy follows the ordeal of property agent Suzanne, whose husband, Jeff, dies just as her favorite holiday approaches. On learning that Jeff was having an affair before his demise, Suzanne seeks out his ex-lover, Fantasia.



One day, Madoka Kaname has a very magical encounter, one that can change her destiny. This is the beginning of the new story of magical witch girls.
When a new Mega Shark threatens mankind, the government unleashes the top-secret Mecha Shark to defeat the monster in a pitched battle that threatens the planet in this over-the-top creature feature.
One day, Madoka Kaname has a very magical encounter, one that can change her destiny. This is the beginning of the new story of magical witch girls.
This animated series follows Robin, Aqualad and other teenage superhero sidekicks as they form a secret crimefighting squad to save the world and prove they've got the chops to join their mentors in the adults-only Justice League.
Set in 1960s New York, this series takes a peek inside an ad agency in an era when the cutthroat business had a glamorous lure. When the cigarette smoke clears and the martinis are set down, at the center of it all is womanizing ad man Don Draper.
Batman travels to different times -- even to different dimensions -- to fight crime in this animated series, which finds the Caped Crusader teaming up with Green Arrow, Plastic Man and other superheroes to thwart a host of cunning villains.
Caustic comedian and best-selling author
Nothing is as you'd expect in this offbeat animated series about a raccoon and a blue jay who have day jobs keeping grounds at a local park and trying to please their unconventional boss -- a walking, talking taskmaster of a gumball machine.
Adopted by sweet-natured Muriel, Courage the Cowardly Dog lives on a farm near a town called Nowhere, where he protects Muriel and her grumpy husband, Eustace, from monsters and other creepy creatures.
Adopted by sweet-natured Muriel, Courage the Cowardly Dog lives on a farm near a town called Nowhere, where he protects Muriel and her grumpy husband, Eustace, from monsters and other creepy creatures.
Young Finn and his shape-shifting dog buddy, Jake, have a series of surreal adventures as they journey through the postapocalyptic Land of Ooo, encountering odd situations that involve even odder characters in this quirky animated series.
After being infected by molecule-altering nanites, 15-year-old Rex develops the ability to grow incredible machines out of his body. Soon, he's recruited into a secret organization that's tasked with neutralizing the threat of mutated monsters.
After being infected by molecule-altering nanites, 15-year-old Rex develops the ability to grow incredible machines out of his body. Soon, he's recruited into a secret organization that's tasked with neutralizing the threat of mutated monsters.



America's favorite lowbrow magazine comes to the small screen in this animated series, which amps up the rag's cutting wit with spoofs of ridiculous hit movies, parodies of overblown TV shows and other outlandish segments.
In the farthest reaches of deep space, Earth's Green Lantern, Hal Jordan, patrols the Guardian Frontier, where he must face invasions from the evil Red Lantern Corps, which has sworn to destroy the Green Lanterns and everything they stand for.
In this animated update of the beloved Saturday-morning cartoon classic, Scooby-Doo, Shaggy, Fred, Velma and Daphne roll in the Mystery Machine to solve paranormal mysteries in Crystal Cove, a hamlet bedeviled by all kinds of supernatural bedlam.
This animated series follows Robin, Aqualad and other teenage superhero sidekicks as they form a secret crimefighting squad to save the world and prove they've got the chops to join their mentors in the adults-only Justice League.
In the farthest reaches of deep space, Earth's Green Lantern, Hal Jordan, patrols the Guardian Frontier, where he must face invasions from the evil Red Lantern Corps, which has sworn to destroy the Green Lanterns and everything they stand for.
When the grim reaper appeared to take their hamster's soul, Billy and Mandy made a bet with the ghoul and won. Now, Grim is forced to be their best friend -- a punishment filled with humiliation for the once-omnipotent entity.

In this Oscar-winning classic with an iconic Simon and Garfunkel soundtrack,
When two siblings discover an enchanted board game that opens the door to a magical world, they unwittingly invite into their living room a man who's been trapped inside the game for 26 years -- and whose only hope for freedom is to finish the game.
Two small-town sisters join an all-female baseball league formed when World War II brings professional baseball to a standstill. As their team hits the road with its drunken coach, the siblings find troubles and triumphs on and off the field.
Good-natured Father O'Malley is sent to help the financially struggling St. Mary's Academy, run by Sister Benedict. O'Malley finds his leadership style at odds with the nun's as the two bicker but collaborate to save the school.
With a suspicious femme fatale bankrolling his snooping, private eye J.J. Gittes uncovers intricate dirty dealings in the Los Angeles waterworks and gets his nose slashed for his trouble in director
Set against the backdrop of World War II, this Oscar-winning drama stars
In a totalitarian future America, cop Ben Richards is framed for a massacre and sentenced to battle for his life on a violent game show. But the game is rigged in this thriller based on the short story by Stephen King (writing as Richard Bachman).
After Rocky (
Adapted from Jane Austen's classic 19th-century novel of manners, this eloquent drama follows the dramatic lives of the three Dashwood sisters. Facing poverty after their father's death, the sisters are obliged to rely on the generosity of others.
Rocky must come out of retirement to battle a gargantuan Soviet fighter named Drago, who brutally punished Rocky's friend and ex-rival, Apollo Creed. Seeking revenge in the name of his fallen comrade and his country, Rocky fights Drago in Moscow.
When world heavyweight boxing champ Apollo Creed announces he'll give an unknown fighter a shot at the title as a publicity stunt, his handlers pick palooka Rocky Balboa, an uneducated collector for a Philadelphia loan shark.
Obese attorney Billy Halleck accidentally runs over a gypsy woman with his car. When his police cronies and the judge help Halleck cover up the incident, the victim's father puts a curse on him that causes him to drop 40 pounds a week.
In the post-apocalyptic future, tyrannical supercomputers teleport a cyborg assassin back to 1984 to snuff Sarah Connor, whose unborn son is destined to lead the human insurgents. Meanwhile, the rebels dispatch a lone warrior to safeguard Sarah.
In this imaginative sci-fi epic, a 23rd-century cabbie finds himself involved with a fetching alien who may hold the key to saving the world. But it's curtains for planet Earth unless the duo can stay a step ahead of a demented villain named Zorg.

An African-born slave leads a mutiny against his brutal captors, but because the ship is in American waters, a U.S. court must decide the slaves' fates. In an eloquent courtroom speech, ex-president John Quincy Adams argues for the Africans' freedom.
A group of convicts escapes during a transfer and storms a Texas shopping mall, killing some shoppers and taking others hostage. When he learns that his brother is among the killers, mercenary Rudy Ray infiltrates the mall to get him out.
This cinematic spectacle -- winner of 11 Oscars -- follows society girl Rose and penniless artist Jack as they fall in love just as tragedy strikes. Rereleased for the 100th anniversary of the Titanic disaster, the stirring romance remains timeless.
When a bus filled with eight elderly women breaks down in the wilderness, the group of strangers is stranded at a deserted farmhouse with only their wits, their memories and eventually some roasted frogs' legs to sustain them. For several days, the women share their life stories and intimate thoughts. Director
Tormented by a gang of bullies -- led by
This 1999 remake of the 1968 classic showcases debonair
After her stuffed rabbit opens a portal inside her dresser, Alice (Krist
Enraged at the slaughter of Murron (
When Hollywood taps him to pen a movie script, idealistic playwright Barton Fink develops severe writer's block and soon falls victim to a strange sequence of events, culminating in a murder investigation.
The second film based on the "Police Squad" TV series, Naked Gun 2 1/2 finds bumbling cop Frank Drebin (
Fresh out of the joint, Leo Handler tries to get himself on the right track with help from his shady Uncle Frank who runs a business that repairs New York City's subway trains. But Leo soon finds himself on the wrong side of the law once again.

Brassy comediennes
While New York City architect Paul Kersey (
Two showgirls board a luxury liner to Paris. Engaged to be married, fair-haired Lorelei is unknowingly tracked by a private investigator who was hired by her future father-in-law. But the detective only has eyes for her brunette friend, Dorothy.

Based on a true story, this drama centers on young Scotsman Peter Marshall, who travels to America and becomes pastor of the Church of the Presidents in Washington, D.C., on his way to becoming chaplain of the U.S. Senate.
Tossed out of the house by his wife, Felix Unger decides the best thing to do is move in with his best pal: deliberately devolved caveman Oscar Madison. Within days, the slovenly Oscar and compulsive neatnik Felix are driving each other bonkers.
Most 1970s blaxploitation vehicles function as violent, sociological artifacts with soulful soundtracks. This raucous urban action-comedy delivers genuine laughs. Gravedigger Jones (
Hiding from the Japanese on an island on the Pacific Ocean, a Marine (
A village terrorized by a fire-breathing dragon calls on aged wizard Ulrich and his young apprentice, Galen, to slay the beast. With Ulrich growing weak, the untested Galen must lead the fight as the dark truth behind the dragon's attack is revealed.
In a sleepy 1950s Illinois town, the blue-collar Holt brothers -- skirt-chasing Jacey and quiet Doug -- set out to romance the upper-class Abbott sisters ... much to the consternation of their tyrannical father.
Now the world champion, Rocky Balboa is only fighting opponents who pose no threat to him in the ring. But after a pounding by powerful young Clubber Lang, the humbled champ turns to former rival Apollo Creed for help in regaining his form.

When the
A pilot who's forced down in the Sahara Desert listens to a boy's magical stories about distant planets and strange people and animals. Before long, the pilot realizes that his life will be forever altered by his encounter with the little prince.
Hardened Roman Marcellus Gallio (
These three intertwining tales unfold on the brutal streets of Mexico City. Octavio has an obsessive crush on his sister-in-law; Daniel dumps his family for a disturbed supermodel; and El Chivo cares for a wounded dog while planning an assassination.
With enormous cone-shaped heads, robotlike walks and an appetite for toilet paper, aliens Beldar and Prymatt don't exactly blend in with the population of Paramus, N.J. But for some reason, everyone believes them when they say they're from France.
After losing his TV show, a depressed Stuart Smalley (the "Saturday Night Live" self-helper) pulls himself together when he realizes that nobody needs his help more than his own dysfunctional family.
A team of paranormal investigators spends a dangerous week inside a haunted mansion to either prove or decisively debunk the existence of spirits. Previous guests of Hell House are known to have gone mad. Will this group survive the week?
During the Civil War, Ohio native Drew Dixon -- with his parents' blessing --  flees to Virginia City to avoid conscription into the Union Army and soon joins a gang of thieves led by a scalawag named Jake Rumsey.
From his epic victories to his anti-war stance, Muhammad Ali stirred controversy during the decades in which he ruled the ring. This biopic centers on the boxing legend's personal and professional life, framed by the social climate of his heyday.
Australia's aboriginal integration program of the 1930s broke countless hearts -- among them, those of young Molly (Evelyn Sampi), Gracie (
A perky sorority sister is assigned to coach a young man named Pumpkin, a mentally challenged athlete. She's terrified at first, but to the horror of her friends, she starts to fall in love with her charge.
After a fatal mining disaster occurred on Valentine's Day in a sleepy town, the residents were warned never to celebrate the holiday again. But a group of teens defies the order and unleashes a murderous maniac.
Comic book collector Archie (
Expanding on the Mozart Effect, a developmental theory that classical music raises the intelligence of young children, this installment of the Baby Genius series features bright, beautiful images choreographed to the music of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.
In this installment of the Baby Genius series, which combines different images with classical music, pint-sized viewers take a trip to the world-famous San Diego Zoo and enjoy footage of exotic animals such as pandas, hippos, polar bears and tigers.
Roger is a hopelessly cynical advertising copywriter with a razor-sharp wit who believes he's mastered the art of manipulating women. But his seemingly foolproof methods unravel when he tries to school his teenage nephew in his techniques.
University of California, Berkeley, alumni recount how their quiet school became the epicenter of 1960s campus activism, starting with the free speech movement and evolving into organized opposition to the Vietnam War. The students also championed civil rights, the women's movement and the Black Panther party. Archival footage is interwoven with present-day interviews and songs by the Grateful Dead, Jimi Hendrix, Joan Baez and Jefferson Airplane.
A lifetime of taking shots has ended Rocky's career, and a crooked accountant has left him broke. Inspired by the memory of his trainer, however, Rocky finds glory in training and takes on an up-and-coming boxer.
A down-and-out 1950s Brooklyn gumshoe is hired to locate a pop singer who reneged on a debt. But each time he makes contact with someone who might know the singer's whereabouts, that person is killed in a horrible, ritualistic fashion.
Little ones will learn about rhythm and rhyme with this program from the popular children's series. Sung by animated animals and live-action humans, tunes include "Old MacDonald Had a Farm," "Itsy Bitsy Spider" and "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star."
The Wayans brothers give way to slapstick master
Former military man Captain Kronos is bent on revenge; vampires abducted his wife and child, and now it's payback time. Having recruited the vampire expert Professor Grost, Kronos is ready to hunt down the bloodsuckers at all costs.
Freshly fired from their jobs at a strip club, exotic dancer Nathalie (

When his friend is beaten to death by a group of thugs, vigilante Paul Kersey steps in to seek revenge. Granted permission by the police to kill punks at will, Paul engages in all-out warfare against Manny Fraker and his powerful gang.
Based on a true story, this endearing family comedy follows Frank (
When circus owner Max passes away, he leaves $5 million and three orangutans to his son, Foster. But if Foster doesn't take good care of the primates, all the money will go to the greedy head of a zoology society.
Richard (
On her way home from school, 11-year-old Brooke Ellison's life is radically transformed after a car accident leaves her a paraplegic. Despite the overwhelming odds confronting her, she perseveres to graduate summa cum laude from Harvard University.
When a beautiful Mexican housekeeper, Flor (
This Emmy-winning hospital drama stars
This fact-based crime drama stars
This Emmy-winning hospital drama stars

Attending predominantly white Roosevelt High because her mother thinks she'll have better opportunities under the school's successful coach, gifted black hoopster
Reading from the diaries kept by Third Reich propagandist Joseph Goebbels between 1924 and 1945,
Ben and Meg Cameron are hardworking ranchers in the New Mexico desert whose happy life is disturbed when an old acquaintance arrives unexpectedly, armed with a secret and an agenda. On the lam, bank robber forces the couple to guide him to Mexico.
This Emmy-winning hospital drama stars




When his spaceship crash-lands on Mars, astronaut Kit Draper must figure out how to survive on the barren, lifeless planet with only a monkey to keep him company. Eventually, he discovers that the dead planet may actually harbor life.
In 1968, Elsa and Richard Marley founded an alternative-living community in the remote Northern California wilderness with the motto "Free Land for Free People." This film tells the story of that intended utopia. Through archival footage and interviews with former residents, director
This Emmy-winning hospital drama stars
A giant octopus is lurking in the waters off Ocean Beach and littering the shore with half-eaten corpses of vacationing swimmers. With authorities unable to subdue the beast, an upcoming regatta will put dozens of sailors on the creature's menu.
The 1977, 1980 and 1998 versions of
This Emmy-winning hospital drama stars
While hunting in the Bavarian Alps, Brit Alan Thorndike stumbles upon an opportunity to assassinate Adolf Hitler. But when Thorndike is captured and beaten, he escapes and journeys back to England with the aid of a boy and a prostitute.
Orgasm Inc. is a funny and sobering look inside "big pharma" and the marketing campaigns associated with a pill for female sexual dysfunction.
Dr. Hank Lawson, an unfairly maligned Manhattan physician, unexpectedly gets a career upgrade as a freelance doctor treating New York's aristocratic upper crust in their posh Hamptons homes.
This Emmy-winning hospital drama stars
Rebel military man Crocket (
Dr. Hank Lawson, an unfairly maligned Manhattan physician, unexpectedly gets a career upgrade as a freelance doctor treating New York's aristocratic upper crust in their posh Hamptons homes.
This Emmy-winning hospital drama stars
After giving up on ever finding a mate, 40-year-old Joe (
Dr. Hank Lawson, an unfairly maligned Manhattan physician, unexpectedly gets a career upgrade as a freelance doctor treating New York's aristocratic upper crust in their posh Hamptons homes.
This Emmy-winning hospital drama stars

The Staten Island home Joey Larabito (
This Emmy-winning hospital drama stars
Released from prison after 13 years, parolee Arlo Jayne is determined to start a business and stay on the right side of the law. But his plans are soon short-circuited when his best friend gets him involved in an accidental shooting.
When his father's vintage Studebaker is stolen, a desperate district attorney tries to get it back by turning to a corrupt cop he couldn't quite convict. The unlikely allies set out to find the car, never suspecting it's part of a bigger conspiracy.
This engaging documentary profiles the evolution of environmental movements over the past five decades, from early efforts at conservation and protests against pollution to the radical tactics of Greenpeace and concerns over global climate change.

Interviewing some of porn's most recognizable stars, this documentary explores their careers and delves into their lives after leaving the adult entertainment industry, examining the various ways they have adjusted to "normal" society.
Setting out to explore whether America still has a sense of community where people help each other through hard times, 29-year-old
In this animated series, hamburger restaurant owner Bob Belcher, his happy-go-lucky wife, Linda, and their three rambunctious kids try to outwit a rival eatery and overcome their own family dysfunction to get their greasy spoon off the ground.
Dr. Hank Lawson, an unfairly maligned Manhattan physician, unexpectedly gets a career upgrade as a freelance doctor treating New York's aristocratic upper crust in their posh Hamptons homes.
Knowing her days are numbered, Tessa (
This painfully funny documentary follows the Mortified movement, a grassroots series of stage events in which adults share some of their most embarrassing childhood writings, art and media, all in front of total strangers.
Single mom Sun-young hosts a popular radio show that's aired live at midnight. One night, she receives a call from a listener who tells her that she must follow his orders or her family will be in grave danger.
In this contemporary re-imagining of the beloved classic film, Steel Magnolias chronicles the extraordinary friendship of six remarkable Southern women, there for each other through life's triumphs and tragedies.
When the Taliban is toppled in Afghanistan, the Mansouri family seizes upon an opportunity to open a caf where artists and writers are free to express themselves onstage. But lingering sects of the Taliban soon threaten to silence them.
In this chilling film, a strict father loosens up enough to let his children take a day off from school for a trip to the countryside. But things take a terrifying turn when the family realizes he's planning to make it their last outing ever.
The Hive exists to keep inner-city kids off the streets, especially those like Xtra, a devoted gangbanger with a knack for math. The dedicated teachers and staff recognize Xtra's potential, but getting him to see it himself will take a miracle.
Best friends Kate and Chloe take a road trip to their childhood hometown, hoping to win a beauty pageant they lost as kids. Along the way, they encounter a feminist wilderness commune, amateur night at a strip club and their favorite reality star.
When a meteor knocks a satellite to Earth near a small town, military responders and residents are infected with a mysterious germ that turns them into cannibals. Now, to survive, the uninfected must find a way to stop the germ from spreading.
This fascinating documentary explores the underground skateboarding subculture in the repressive East Germany of the 1970s and '80s, following three passionate skaters through their childhood and teen years, and into adulthood as Germany reunified.


Top comediennes
Kelly has wealth and prestige, but neither compensates for her loneliness. When her sister, Susan, gets engaged, Kelly hires Chad to pose as her boyfriend for the engagement party. It isn't long before the charade turns into genuine affection.
Childhood sweethearts Alan and Celia, both widowed and in their 70s, fall for each other all over again when they are reunited over the Internet after nearly 60 years. As their lives collide for a second time, the couple laments what might have been.
Childhood sweethearts Alan and Celia, both widowed and in their 70s, fall for each other all over again when they are reunited over the Internet after nearly 60 years. As their lives collide for a second time, the couple laments what might have been.

Two young, ambitious ministers are climbing the ranks at the First Baptist Church under the leadership of an aging pastor who refuses to step down. As the pair's dream of taking over the church wanes, they make decisions that fray their friendship.

In 1870s England, small-town girl Denise Lovett moves to the city to find work with her shopkeeper uncle. But when she learns he isn't hiring, she takes a job at The Paradise -- the nation's first-ever department store.
Sheltered in the land of Eternal Daylight, Princess Dawn dreams of a world beyond the palace. Certain the forbidden Night World holds the key to her past, Dawn embarks on a mystical moonlit adventure and discovers that the two worlds were divided by an evil sorceress. The kingdom's only hope is revealed when Dawn encounters her twin sister Eve and they realize that they alone hold the power to unite the kingdom.
A Pennsylvania town reeling from a coal mine shutdown is divided when four high school football players are accused of murdering a Mexican immigrant. Pulitzer Prize winner



Anxious to build a relationship with his listeners, a young electronic music D.J. connects with a former classmate who's invented a machine that may allow them to contact extraterrestrials. But it winds up being more than a stunt for his music.


Armed with a whole new approach to badness, the League of Super Evil (a.k.a. L.O.S.E.) follows four Super Villains who have set their sights on nothing less than total neighborhood domination!
When a bank robbery turns deadly, U.S. Marshall Duke Donovan is wrongly convicted. Behind bars, the disgraced lawman discovers the real bandits' plot to kill his wife. Duke must plan a daring escape to stop the killers before it's too late.
In this toe-tapping video featuring colorful imagery, Vinko the dancing bear and DJ the dinosaur lead children in classic sing-a-long songs such as "The Wheels on the Bus," "Pop Goes the Weasel" and "Take Me Out to the Ball Game."
Subtly introducing little ones to classical music along the way, this video safari takes them to the San Diego Zoo's Wild Animal Park, where they meet fascinating critters such as monkeys, giraffes, tropical birds and more.
When pro wrestler Rip Thomas turns down an offer from a new network, its executives launch a free-for-all called "Battle of the Tough Guys." Soon, Rip finds himself drawn into a no-holds-barred match against the show's top-ranked bar brawler.
The fifth installment of this motocross/off-road series features rising star
The erotic exploits of a large Sicilian family in which the father lectures others about morality and self-control, but nonetheless pursues lovemaking with complete and reckless abandon.
Seven brave riders set out from the four corners of the globe to gather for 30 days of bicycle tomfoolery in a town at the end of the world. It's a tale with no beginning and no end, but a few things -- including eel fights -- happen in between.
Snowboarder

In 1870s England, small-town girl Denise Lovett moves to the city to find work with her shopkeeper uncle. But when she learns he isn't hiring, she takes a job at The Paradise -- the nation's first-ever department store.
Armed with a whole new approach to badness, the League of Super Evil (a.k.a. L.O.S.E.) follows four Super Villains who have set their sights on nothing less than total neighborhood domination!


Dr. Hank Lawson, an unfairly maligned Manhattan physician, unexpectedly gets a career upgrade as a freelance doctor treating New York's aristocratic upper crust in their posh Hamptons homes.
You don't have to call








In the spirit of TED's mantra -- ideas worth spreading -- TEDx gives communities, groups and individuals a chance to spark meaningful discourse via local experiences. Featuring local voices that echo globally, these talks celebrate the best of TEDx.
In the spirit of TED's mantra -- ideas worth spreading -- TEDx gives communities, groups and individuals a chance to spark meaningful discourse via local experiences. Featuring local voices that echo globally, these talks celebrate the best of TEDx.
A seemingly impossible dream of playing baseball for the United States becomes a reality for a group of youngsters from an impoverished Mexican city in this poignant drama based on actual events.
All-too-aware that they'll be turning 35 soon, four friends struggle to reconcile reality with the hopes and dreams they have about starting families and finding happiness with someone they really love in this comedy directed by radio DJ
This star-studded ensemble drama tells the stories of seven everyday people who experience laughter, life and love, taking viewers through the good, the bad and the ugly of matters of the heart.
Eight astronauts on Mars are counting the days before the arrival of the spaceship that will ferry them back to Earth. While they're preparing to return, one crew member discovers a strain of bacteria that turns humans into killers.



Buckle up and start your engines: Turbo and his racers blaze a slime-trail of adventure through this FAST-paced series based on the hit movie.
Rapid fire laughs. High-speed humor. Turbo and his FAST team are the fastest and the funniest in this cheeky, hilarious series based on the hit movie.
To cure his drinking problem, pro baseball star Cory Brand returns to his hometown and begins coaching a Little League team as part of his rehab. After faking his recovery at first, Cory starts to glimpse real redemption in the kids playing for him.
To help himself get over his many failed relationships, gay Leo enters group therapy, where he comes clean about his feelings for a straight member of the group -- a situation that's further complicated when Leo's high school sweetheart shows up.
Filmmaker
Nazi Medicine: In the Shadow of the Reich studies the step-by-step process that led the German medical profession down an unethical road to genocide. It graphically documents the racial theories and eugenics principles that set the stage for the doctors' participation in sterilization and euthanasia, the selections at the death camps, as well as inhuman and unethical human experimentation.
Filmmaker
After discovering she's a succubus who sustains herself by feeding on the sexual energy of humans, seductive Bo sets out on a journey to understand herself and her kind -- and to help people she encounters on her travels.
With her husband imprisoned on drug charges, young mother Karen tries to raise four kids alone in this documentary-style drama filmed over five years. As Karen awaits her husband's release, the trials of everyday life test her endurance.


In a lawless boom town in India, conflicted cop Arya conspires to bring down a criminal mastermind, Yashwardhan, by kidnapping his spoiled son, Ajay, and having Ajay's long-lost twin brother, Vishal, infiltrate the gang as a police informant.
Family troubles bring tanker captain Marco Silvestri back to Paris: His sister's husband has killed himself, and the family company is bankrupt. Holding sleazy tycoon Edouard Laporte responsible for their ruin, Marco devises a plan for vengeance.
This one-liner packed documentary explores the colorful history of Jewish comedy in America and its links with Jewish immigrant culture. The film reveals the major influence of Jewish writers and performers in the first decades of TV comedy.
Blending animation and film footage, this documentary tracks the rise of self-taught graphic designer

In 1945, the Nazis secretly retreated to the moon. But now the Third Reich is back! And this time they have a galactic battleship and an impressive plan to assume control of the entire planet in this Netflix-exclusive director's cut.
This sequel to the yakuza thriller Outrage depicts a brutal war between the Sanno and Hanabishi crime families, both now more powerful than ever. With the gangs branching into legitimate trade, a police detective tries to turn them on one another.
Comic
Comic
Time has passed for Renai and Josh Lambert, but they are still haunted by the evil spirits that almost stole the body of their son, Dalton. While Renai tries to accept her son's paranormal abilities, Josh must confront his own horrifying childhood.
Detective Parker will do whatever it takes to take down a notorious crime lord, even if it means breaking the law. When Parker enlists the help of a known criminal, allegiances are blurred and his perfect plan becomes a deadly game of cat and mouse.


Influential and controversial filmmaker

Culled from the annals of the popular TV show comes this compilation of comical clips featuring knuckleheads who run the gamut, from a fool tossing apples at a hornet's nest to a man getting himself wedged in a dollhouse.
Pulling out all the stops to tickle the funny bones of youngsters and adults, this collection from the hit show portrays everyday people caught on tape in embarrassing moments -- from practical jokes to flat-out strange behavior.
Culled from the annals of the popular TV show comes this compilation of comical clips featuring knuckleheads who run the gamut, from a fool tossing apples at a hornet's nest to a man getting himself wedged in a dollhouse.
Pulling out all the stops to tickle the funny bones of youngsters and adults, this collection from the hit show portrays everyday people caught on tape in embarrassing moments -- from practical jokes to flat-out strange behavior.

When shy Tanner is outed as a school's only openly gay student, popular girls Fawcett, Caprice and 'Shley engage in an epic catfight to acquire him as their "Gay Best Friend." Tanner soon finds himself torn between popularity and old friendships.
Reeling from personal trauma, a photographer believes that the right woman can help him forget it all, but his search quickly degenerates into obsession. One after another, women reject him, bringing his desperation closer to the boiling point.
Detective Dee's first assignment with the Imperial police finds the city gripped in fear of sea monsters, which is only the beginning. Dee's investigation turns up more earthbound -- but no less deadly -- threats from the highest corridors of power.
Missing half his stripes, young zebra Khumba is not only rejected by his herd but blamed for a severe drought threatening their existence. Determined to find the rest of his stripes, Khumba begins a perilous journey across the Karoo desert.
Re-creating the Bible's vision of human and divine history for contemporary audiences, this sweeping miniseries incorporates key biblical stories and parables, vividly dramatizing the ancient tales -- from Adam and Eve to the revelation of St. John.

Re-creating the Bible's vision of human and divine history for contemporary audiences, this sweeping miniseries incorporates key biblical stories and parables, vividly dramatizing the ancient tales -- from Adam and Eve to the revelation of St. John.
A father and daughter's move to a new home in the suburbs is anything but lucky when they discover that a murderous 600-year-old leprechaun is living in their basement, laying waste to all who interfere with the search for his pot of gold.
Elin (Alexandra Dahlstrom) and Agnes (Rebecka Liljeberg) are social opposites. While Elin is gorgeous, lively and wildly popular at school, Agnes is sullen, lonely and rejected as a nerdy lesbian. But when Agnes develops a crush on Elin, the exploration of love between them alleviates Elin's perpetual boredom. This Swedish award-winner reflects the joy and pain of relationships, the insecurity of youth and the courage it takes to be different.
A 17-year-old rediscovers his sexuality in this 1980s story about coming out and its social consequences. Eric (
Set in 1965, Burnt Money (released in Argentina as Plata Quemada) tells the true story of Angel and Sam, gay lovers who turn to crime, bank robbery and murder, holding Argentina and Uruguay in suspense as they lead the authorities on a two-month-long manhunt. Delicately balanced between gripping action and tender romance, director Marcelo Pi
This Berlin-set love story follows closeted schoolteacher Frank, who passes as straight at school but fully indulges his carnal yearnings at night. After falling for a new kind of lover in Bernd, Frank vows to shed his old habits.
Young Jack became a samurai to avenge his father's death at the hands of the demon Aku. Thrown into the future during battle with his archfoe, Jack still seeks to destroy Aku and restore peace in this highly stylized Cartoon Network hit.

At the height of his career, a gay fashion photographer suddenly faces terminal cancer in this French drama helmed by Francois Ozon. When Romain (
Teenage numbskulls Hank and Dean, with their embittered mad scientist father, Dr. Rusty Venture, and he-man bodyguard, Brock Samson, face off with a string of oddball villains in this madcap parody of the adventure cartoon "Jonny Quest."
This compelling drama from Andr
Stop-motion comedy, parody and anarchy are rolled into one in this demented series. The Robot Chicken himself is an unfortunate creature rescued by a mad scientist and forced to watch movie satires, fake ads and other faux-TV programming nonstop.
Finding that his mother doesn't believe in his best friend Bloo, 8-year old Mac takes his pal to Madame Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends, where they have adventures with egg-laying Coco and other outlandish animated creatures.
After winning the lottery, lowly clerk Fran
Auteur
Based on the comic strip by Aaron McGruder, this satirical animated series follows the socially conscious misadventures of Huey Freeman, a preternaturally smart 10-year-old who relocates from inner-city Chicago to the suburbs.
Writer-director

Under the care of his dedicated sister-in-law, terminally ill Uncle Boonmee spends his final days reminiscing about his past lives with the recently arrived ghost of his dead wife and his long-missing son.
In this hit animated series, Johnny Bravo, a 1960s-style rock 'n' roller complete with blond hair, an eviable wardrobe and a fantastic physique, focuses his life on his all-consuming desire to meet the perfect woman.
After four decades of lesbian partnership, Edie and Thea are finally able to achieve their dream of being married in this intimate bio-documentary. Amid reminiscences of all the adventures they've shared, the pair head to Toronto for their nuptials.

This animated series centers on a "catbearrabbit" named Chowder, a chef-in-training who can't resist gobbling up everything he sees. Of course, Chowder's big appetite is an issue for his mentor, who takes his job very seriously.
This animated series follows the misadventures of Ed, Edd and Eddy, three conniving pals who hang around the neighborhood dreaming up new schemes to make money in order to buy more of their favorite candy: jawbreakers. Inner-tube cruises on the river, animal grooming, hypnotism -- no scam is too outlandish for these lads, until their plans invariably backfire or get thwarted by their nemeses, the dreaded Kanker sisters.
Young Jack became a samurai to avenge his father's death at the hands of the demon Aku. Thrown into the future during battle with his archfoe, Jack still seeks to destroy Aku and restore peace in this highly stylized Cartoon Network hit.
Long-grieving widower Ned spurns his daughter's attempts to push him back into dating, especially now that she has a boyfriend of her own. While trying to find fault with the flawless young man, Ned warms up to the idea of giving love another chance.

Hyunjun and Sawoo are both friends and rivals recruited from a special force unit into a top secret military agency. Despite going on differing missions, they remain friends -- until a beautiful yet lethal specialist with a secret comes between them.
Thirtysomething high school teacher Laurence seems to have the perfect life, but when he confesses to his fiance that he wants to live as a woman, he must overcome both her resistance and that of his bewildered family and dubious co-workers.

After fleeing Nazi Germany for the United States, a Jewish-German philosopher accepts an assignment from the New Yorker to cover the trial of an infamous war criminal, resulting in an article that ignites controversy all over the world.
In 1982 Beirut, an Israeli fighter pilot named Yoni crashes outside a camp of young Palestinian refugees, where he's met by gun-toting orphan Fahed. In exchange for his freedom, Yoni agrees to take the boy back to the village where his parents lived.
Capturing the controversies and searing emotions surrounding the plans for rebuilding the Ground Zero site, filmmaker


Dexter seems like your average nerdy 8-year-old, but his bedroom is home to a secret laboratory filled with computers, experiments and machines. He's also got his hands full dealing with his pesky sister, Dee Dee, and his archrival, Mandark.

With the crime rate in Los Angeles at record-low levels, bored cops have nothing better to do than harass citizens, sell drugs and try to dispose of a body that one of them accidentally shot.
Director
Reimagining the 40 minutes of explicit gay S


Blossom, Bubbles and Buttercup, also known as the Powerpuff Girls, are three delightfully sweet sisters who have dedicated their lives to saving the world from crime and fighting the forces of evil.
Thanks to a mysterious device known as the Omnitrix, mischievous youngster Ben Tennyson has the power to morph into an array of alien superheroes, each possessing a unique set of powers.
Thanks to a mysterious device known as the Omnitrix, mischievous youngster Ben Tennyson has the power to morph into an array of alien superheroes, each possessing a unique set of powers.
Dexter seems like your average nerdy 8-year-old, but his bedroom is home to a secret laboratory filled with computers, experiments and machines. He's also got his hands full dealing with his pesky sister, Dee Dee, and his archrival, Mandark.
This animated series follows the misadventures of Ed, Edd and Eddy, three conniving pals who hang around the neighborhood dreaming up new schemes to make money in order to buy more of their favorite candy: jawbreakers. Inner-tube cruises on the river, animal grooming, hypnotism -- no scam is too outlandish for these lads, until their plans invariably backfire or get thwarted by their nemeses, the dreaded Kanker sisters.

This animated series follows the misadventures of Ed, Edd and Eddy, three conniving pals who hang around the neighborhood dreaming up new schemes to make money in order to buy more of their favorite candy: jawbreakers. Inner-tube cruises on the river, animal grooming, hypnotism -- no scam is too outlandish for these lads, until their plans invariably backfire or get thwarted by their nemeses, the dreaded Kanker sisters.

Blossom, Bubbles and Buttercup, also known as the Powerpuff Girls, are three delightfully sweet sisters who have dedicated their lives to saving the world from crime and fighting the forces of evil.
This animated series centers on a "catbearrabbit" named Chowder, a chef-in-training who can't resist gobbling up everything he sees. Of course, Chowder's big appetite is an issue for his mentor, who takes his job very seriously.
Dexter seems like your average nerdy 8-year-old, but his bedroom is home to a secret laboratory filled with computers, experiments and machines. He's also got his hands full dealing with his pesky sister, Dee Dee, and his archrival, Mandark.
This animated series follows 16-year-old Ben Tennyson, once again ready to take on enemies both human and alien. A few things have changed for the super-powered teen, who's now an international megastar superhero and loved by kids the world over.
This sequel series finds the now-teenage Ben Tennyson hoping to locate his missing grandfather by using his Omnitrix device, which has been updated to give him access to a whole new variety of alien life forms.
Deep in New Jersey lurks an evil that only smart-mouthed fast-food superheroes Master Shake, Meatwad and Frylock can squelch in this off-the-wall animated series that pits the mismatched trio against monsters, aliens and their neighbor Carl.
Raimund Gregorius, a classics professor in Switzerland, embarks on a quest to uncover the truth about the life and death of charismatic Portuguese poet Amadeu de Prado, whose life in the 1970s was dedicated to overthrowing Salazar's dictatorship.
Finding that his mother doesn't believe in his best friend Bloo, 8-year old Mac takes his pal to Madame Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends, where they have adventures with egg-laying Coco and other outlandish animated creatures.
The Manzonis, an infamous mob family, are relocated to Normandy, France, by the witness protection program, where they have some difficulty fitting in. When local problems arise, they respond the only way they know how: mafia style.
When two childhood friends return to the French villa where they spent so many happy summers in their youth, tragedy strikes, leaving one dead and the other blighted by amnesia. Now, the survivor is forced on a shocking journey of self-discovery.
While researching a book on Victorian-era murderers, author Jack Nife comes to fear they're really stalking him and grows agoraphobic. When a Hollywood agent shows interest, Jack's drawn out into the world, where things get even more terrifying
In this hit animated series, Johnny Bravo, a 1960s-style rock 'n' roller complete with blond hair, an eviable wardrobe and a fantastic physique, focuses his life on his all-consuming desire to meet the perfect woman.

When the grim reaper appeared to take their hamster's soul, Billy and Mandy made a bet with the ghoul and won. Now, Grim is forced to be their best friend -- a punishment filled with humiliation for the once-omnipotent entity.
Moni loses her jealous and possessive boyfriend, Xavi, in an accident. Her friends try to help her start a new life and start dating again.
The astute, foppy-sounding personal comedy of
In this dark philosophical drama set at the end of World War II, a battle-scarred simpleton cared for by the village priest is pressured into confessing to the crime when a German soldier is murdered near the town.





Filmmaker












After it's discovered that Meryem (
Acclaimed documentarians

This collection of short films pursues the theme of adultery from different perspectives, with each segment undertaken by a different director. Subjects range from two cheating buddies on the prowl to the goings-on at a sex addiction clinic.
Grieving parents rejoice when their missing son and daughter return after disappearing on a family trip to Tijuana. But they're not the same children they once knew, even though everything looks normal on the outside.
Blending elements of film and animation, this documentary examines the fascinating career of children's book author and illustrator
This film follows Rwanda's first national cycling team as they struggle to move past their country's horrific genocide and make it to the 2012 Olympics. Coached by cycling legend Jock Boyer, the eclectic group fights against huge obstacles.
Two radically different worlds cross the lines when a policeman from the financial section of Bobigny and a captain of the famous criminal police of Paris investigate the murder of the wife of the first head boss of France.
Relentlessly abused by her stepfather, Anna is ultimately driven to kill him and lands at a dangerously sadistic juvenile detention center. But once there, she must use her survival skills to face the facility's gangs and guards.
Chart the experiences of musical prodigy Chyna Parks, a gifted young singer who skips her way up to a local high school's Advanced Natural Talent program, much to the annoyance of her fellow prodigies.
While on a family vacation on the French seaside, brooding 18-year-old Mathieu meets C
A truck driver hatches a novel way to escape his humdrum life: he ties helium-filled balloons to his deck chair and floats into the sky. But a violent thunderstorm sends him hurtling over the Outback, where he lands in a small town.

In this sign-of-the-times reality show, six victims of the economic downturn decide they have a better chance of striking gold than finding new jobs. As a result, the Oregonians soon find themselves in Porcupine Creek, Alaska, panning for ore.
Led to Romania by haunting visions, young American Charlie Countryman falls hard for an alluring cellist whose father has recently died -- and whose violent past could bring about his own demise.

When Acapulco playboy Valentn finds a baby girl on his doorstep, he hightails it across the border to locate the infant's mother. But when she proves elusive, Valentn unexpectedly begins to develop feelings for the tot.
This series turns its cameras on JJK, a security firm in rural Georgia with big dreams and an employee roster out of central casting. From the fame-hungry boss to the plaid-clad salesman to the gung-ho guard, fictional TV has nothing on this office.



Humiliated as children on the baseball field, a trio of adult friends form a three-man team to take on the top Little League squads, becoming unlikely champions for uncoordinated kids everywhere.
In a California desert town, a short-order cook with clairvoyant abilities encounters a mysterious man with a link to dark, threatening forces.




In this ABC Family drama series, a pair of unsuspecting teens discover they were accidentally switched at birth, setting off a chain reaction of life-altering changes to the families they've always known.
Named for the Roman numeral tattooed on his neck, XIII is a former secret operative who cannot remember his past. To rediscover it, the highly trained XIII must take on missions from those he cannot trust.
Kid genius Malcolm Wilkerson grapples with a suburban family that gives new meaning to the word "dysfunctional." Between the nonstop squabbling of his parents and merciless persecution by his siblings, it's all he can do to maintain his sanity.
When a single mother reports that her infant son was murdered by a black man from the projects, an intrepid African-American detective and a white journalist team up to dig for details but what they unearth is hard to believe.
In this chilling docudrama, criminal investigator Robert Keppel (
Slacker Jimmy suddenly finds himself a father after a one-night stand with a murderer, but his eccentric family -- including his dim-bulb father, sarcastic mother and addled great-grandmother -- reluctantly pitches in to help with the new arrival.

This rib-tickling series follows English lad Will McKenzie and his best mates, Neil Sutherland, Jay Cartwright and Simon Cooper, as they try -- and fail spectacularly -- to navigate the wretched no-man's land known as adolescence.
After discovering she's a succubus who sustains herself by feeding on the sexual energy of humans, seductive Bo sets out on a journey to understand herself and her kind -- and to help people she encounters on her travels.
In Manchester, best mates Matt and Dylan have embraced the rave scene with open arms, but they have dreams of being more than just punters. As the government cracks down, they quickly rise through the ranks to join the promoting elite.
After discovering she's a succubus who sustains herself by feeding on the sexual energy of humans, seductive Bo sets out on a journey to understand herself and her kind -- and to help people she encounters on her travels.
When his daughter is kidnapped, a respected minister and family man loses his faith and transforms into a corrupt businessman. But everything changes again eight years later when he receives a call that his daughter is alive and well.
Director
After being labeled a terrorist and imprisoned as a young man, Shahid Azmi is determined to fight for justice. In time, he becomes a lawyer and human rights activist who risks his own life to defend accused bomber Fahim Ansari.


This lyrical documentary tells the story of fishing fly-maker
Two teenage boys band together to steal copper wire from power stations and railway lines to sell to a local scrap dealer in this dour drama. Their friendship sours when Kitten, the scrap dealer, begins to favor one of the boys over the other.
Doubtful that his own son is up to the task, the demanding owner of a vintage chateau and wine label turns to the offspring of his late caretaker to maintain the strict principles of his prestigious business.



Taryln is a powerful career-driven woman with a high tolerance for her husband's foolishness. But when she discovers that her man has been unfaithful, she hatches a devious plot to teach her "better half" a lesson he'll never forget.


After losing their unborn child, Chris and Maggie escape the pressures of the city to live in a secluded country home. But soon Maggie begins to experience strange events in this mind-bending countryside horror about dedication, grief, and insanity.
The plane crash that killed rocker Buddy Holly also took the life of Ritchie Valens, a 17-year-old Mexican-American who rocketed to fame with the hit "La Bamba." The film paints a vivid portrait of Valens's modest upbringing and rise to stardom.
Veteran firefighter Stephen McCaffrey battles a string of deadly blazes in Chicago while his kid brother, Brian, helps an old-school arson investigator scrutinize the crimes. Soon, the brothers find themselves entangled in a lethal conspiracy.
Selected as a juror for the high-profile trial of a Mafia boss, na
In this sequel to Romancing the Stone, romance writer Joan Wilder (
When idealistic junior senator Jefferson Smith (
When Chris agrees to baby-sit for the Andersons after her boyfriend stands her up, it's hardly the boring night she expected. Chris takes the kids along on an errand to downtown Chicago, but one flat tire leads to an outrageous all-night fiasco.
When Dracula (
Tapped for the throne after the death of the emperor, Roman general Maximus instead finds himself condemned to death by the late ruler's power-hungry son. Escaping execution, Maximus becomes a powerful gladiator, bent on exacting revenge in the ring.
Set in 1963, this political thriller follows a freelance German reporter as he gets involved in the hunt for a former concentration camp commander who -- with the aid of a secret organization called Odessa -- vanished after World War II.
Oscar nominee
With a mad scientist kidnapping children to steal their dreams, only brave young Miette (

The seeds of love are planted when Lisa (
While researching urban myths, grad student Helen Lyle (
Workaholic George Newton (

Ex-con Caine and his partner Fitz cook up a plan to take a rich man for all he's worth. The guys try to loop aging boxer Honey Ray Palmer in on the action -- yet, having been duped by Caine before, Palmer makes the two scammers earn their stripes.
Peter Pan grows up to become a soulless corporate lawyer whose workaholism could cost him his wife and kids. But when his kids are kidnapped by a vengeful Capt. Hook, Peter is forced to return to Neverland, where he gets a chance at redemption.
Robbers-on-the-lam Seth and Richard Gecko take an ex-preacher and his kids hostage. On a race to the Mexican border, they rendezvous at a cantina, not knowing the owners and clientele are bloodthirsty vampires in this ode to 1960s horror movies.
When nuclear testing awakens a 400-foot-tall amphibian from its 1,000-year slumber, the giant's rampage reduces Tokyo to rubble.
With the aid of his vivid imagination, a bullied boy whisks himself away to the fantastical Monster Island, where he makes friends with Godzilla's son, Minya, and finally learns how to stand up for himself.
When Tokyo is again threatened by Godzilla, officials believe the key to defeating the mutant may involve a giant moth goddess from a remote island. Two of Mothra's diminutive followers, who are looking for the insect's missing egg, broker the deal.
Featuring more monsters than you can shake a mutated tail at, Godzilla vs. Monster Zero sees Godzilla and Rodan (a radioactive pterodactyl) travel to Planet X at the behest of its people to fight three-headed Ghidorah (aka Monster Zero).
This entry in the
James Bond is back -- and so are the bullets, beauties and bad guys. You'll be shaken and stirred by
In this sci-fi love story from
When aliens from the third planet of the black hole attempt to take over Earth with a little help from their friends Mechagodzilla and Titanosaurus, they find themselves pitted against Godzilla, who squares off against them in defense of the planet.
When a reclusive romance writer -- whose humdrum life in no way resembles the exploits of her fiery fictional heroines -- learns her sister's been kidnapped, she's soon embroiled in a wild adventure involving hidden treasure and a dashing mercenary.
When up-and-coming fashion designer Allison Jones places a classified ad to find a new roomie, mousy Hedy Carlson seems to fill the bill ... until her envy turns her into the roommate from hell in this dark psychological thriller.
Forensic psychologist Alex Cross travels to North Carolina and teams up with escaped kidnapping victim Kate McTiernan to hunt down "Casanova," a serial killer who abducts strong-willed women and forces them to submit to his demands.
Four enterprising young hit men abduct a wealthy executive's daughter, but they're unaware of two crucial details: She's their boss's goddaughter, and her father just went bankrupt. Meanwhile, the kidnap victim falls for one of her captors.
After years apart, a group of idealistic former college buddies (
In 19th-century California, a band of misfit soldiers at an Army outpost take in a seriously injured man, who tells them horrific tales of resorting to cannibalism to stay alive when his group became stranded.
A fun-filled adventure for the whole family, The Nuttiest Nutcracker is a star-studded computer-animated movie that lends a madcap twist to the cherished Nutcracker tale - all gone nuts!
The third installment in the 007 series -- which racked up an Oscar for Best Sound Effects -- finds uberspy James Bond trying to thwart baddie Auric Goldfinger and his elaborate gambit to corner the gold market by contaminating Fort Knox.
This animated extravaganza -- a cult classic featuring a thumping heavy metal soundtrack -- revolves around a menacing meteorite thought to be the root of all evil. Celebrity voices include
No subject is safe from barrier-breaking comedian
Based on actual events, director
After American and Soviet spaceships disappear, the two countries trade blame for the incidents -- and as the nations edge toward war, James Bond is tasked with getting to the bottom of another international mystery.
Forrest Gump, a simpleminded man, finds himself in the middle of nearly every major event of the 1960s and '70s. Along the way, he makes friends, changes lives and yearns for his childhood sweetheart, Jenny.
Devastated by his experiences during World War I, once-promising golfer Rannulph Junuh has become a poker-playing alcoholic whose perfect swing is gone -- until mysterious caddy Bagger Vance enters the picture to help Junuh make a comeback.
Nominated for seven Oscars, this legal thriller profiles the attempts of country lawyer Paul Biegler (
A Southern schoolteacher unloads a lifetime of horrific, repressed memories to a New York City psychiatrist in order to help save his suicidal sister.
Agent 007 races against  the clock to stop a power-mad French industrialist who's scheming to corner the world's microchip supply by triggering a massive earthquake that would destroy California's Silicon Valley -- and kill millions.
When two atomic warheads are hijacked by the evil SPECTRE organization, James Bond  jumps into a frantic race to save the world from nuclear terrorists.


Through the microcosm of campus life, director
Bruce Pearson is a dedicated baseball player who's hiding a secret: he has Hodgkin's disease. His only confidante is the team's star pitcher, Henry Wiggen, who covers for him as he faces not only a waning season but a slowly fading life.
A con man (
Tang Lung (
In a bleak, futuristic British society, ex-con Billy and audacious Jo lead a gang of "ram-raiders" who steal cars, drive them through shop windows and steal whatever booty they can get their hands on before the cops arrive.
In director Mar
Best friends and recent Georgetown graduates struggle with the newfound responsibilities of life in the real world -- in between visits to their favorite bar, St. Elmo's -- in this classic Brat Pack drama from director
After discovering that the Santa Claus she hired is the real deal, cynical television producer Lucy Cullins finds herself chosen to be his replacement when St. Nick faces mandatory retirement in this made-for-TV seasonal charmer.
Teenager Jones (
Scheduled to perform in East Germany, an American pop idol is caught in international intrigue in this zany spy spoof from the creators of Airplane!. The singer falls in with the French Resistance, which plans to infiltrate the enemy via cow suit.
A telekinetic teen returns to the site where her father supposedly drowned. She hoped to solve the mystery of his death by using her psychic powers, but instead sets off a killing spree helmed by hockey-masked murderer Jason.
When a mysterious comet passes close to Earth, machines everywhere suddenly take on murderous minds of their own. But when folks at the Dixie Boy Truck Stop are held hostage by a mob of homicidal 18-wheelers, human vengeance goes into overdrive.
In the first volume of this gritty revenge saga, an assassin is shot at the altar by her ruthless employer, Bill, and other members of their assassination circle. But she survives and sets out to kill all those who wronged her, saving Bill for last.
This engrossing crime thriller follows charismatic Irish thief Michael Lynch, the leader of a Dublin gang who takes delight in plotting heists with the kind of
Amazing cinematography propels this Oscar-nominated documentary that provides a hypnotic, bird's-eye view of the grueling semiannual migrations of various avian species as they make their way across vast distances to more moderate climates.
When a young boy adopts a stray pup and names him Hubble, he thinks he's found the best friend he's always wanted. But he soon learns that dogs are aliens that have been sent to Earth to prepare for a canine invasion from outer space.
Taking tots on a mesmerizing journey through a colorful aquatic world, this enchanting video features sea lions, dolphins, manta rays and other oceanic creatures moving to the soothing sounds of classical music.
Vivaldi's concerto suite provides the accompaniment to pleasant visual landscapes designed to introduce tykes to the annual cycle of seasons. Moving from the snowmen of winter to the flowers of spring, the programs use beauty to spark discovery.
When shadowy U.S. intelligence agents blackmail a reformed computer hacker and his offbeat team of security experts into stealing a code-breaking "black box" from a Soviet-funded genius, they uncover a deadly conspiracy.
Respected university professor Coleman Silk becomes involved in a passionate sexual relationship with a poor cleaning woman who's married to a jealous, violent man. But Coleman harbors a secret no one would ever guess, and his world soon unravels.
In the second installment of
When his mentor in crime disappears, blond-coiffed Kakihara vows to find out who's responsible. But he's also on the lookout for Ichi, a sadistic killer who may be able to inflict the level of pain Kakihara so badly craves.
Sequestered on a remote island, a training program for a nefarious FBI division called Mind Hunters is actually harboring a serial killer ready to strike. Will these handpicked agents -- who profile serial killers -- survive?
Nicky (

An estranged brother and sister must deal with the recent loss of their parents. But heaping more misery into their lives is a life-altering attack one dark night by a vicious werewolf.
Politically incorrect cop Torrente (
Endlessly bullied by his classmates, introverted high schooler Ichi -- who enjoys being a spectator to violence --  releases his pent-up rage when a badass transfer student arrives and starts pummeling everybody on campus.
After a 1969 homecoming dance, misfit teen Mary Bonner ends up dead at the hands of her date. Fast-forward 30 years: On a dare, three high school girls utter an incantation, unwittingly unleashing Mary's spirit -- and they promptly disappear.
Two years after leading the charge against the evil Sephiroth, Cloud has taken refuge in the country. But Cloud and his friends are called back into action when three mysterious brothers, manifestations of Sephiroth's spirit, show up on the scene.
Director
In this sequel to the 1954 cult classic, two pilots (
After her mother's death, troubled 14-year-old Alyssa (
In this sci-fi drama, a group of medical experts miniaturize themselves and a specialized vehicle so they may enter the body of a renowned scientist to remove a life-threatening blood clot in the man's brain. But one member of the rescue team is hiding a more sinister agenda. The film, which stars
Released from a meteor that crash-landed, three-headed mutant dragon Ghidorah rampages through Tokyo, with Mount Fuji becoming the climactic battleground for a confrontation with Mothra, Godzilla and Rodan.
Filmmaker
A journey through the rings of Saturn causes mysterious changes in astronaut Steve West (
In Ishir
Based on a true story, this inspiring drama centers on white farmer Angus Buchan, who -- weary of the conflict in Zambia -- moves his family to South Africa, where they try to transform a bare plot of land into a working farm.
Fleeing mainland China to search for his lost love, Xiu Xiu, an illegal immigrant known as Steelhead travels to Tokyo -- where he reluctantly becomes a yakuza hit man after discovering that Xiu Xiu has married into the mob.
In this inspirational family drama, the luxurious lifestyle Ester Hobbes leads is shattered by the death of her husband. Left with nothing but a house rented to a foster family, Ester soon gains growing faith and a deeper purpose in life.
Drowning in gambling debts to his bookie, former mixed martial arts champ Eddie starts training gentle giant Walter for a high-stakes fighting competition with a $100,000 grand prize that would solve all of their problems.
In this updated twist on Louise Fitzhugh's children's classic, intrepid writer Harriet Welsch is determined to become the class blogger despite stiff competition from her archrival, the snooty Marion Hawthorne.

Like many impoverished people around the world, the villagers of Papua New Guinea hope to make a better life by becoming professional athletes. But their chosen sport is surfing, a fiercely competitive and difficult endeavor that tests their courage.
Rather than deal with his son's Tourette syndrome, Vincent's newly widowed father puts him in an institution. Vincent and two fellow patients break out and steal a doctor's car in order to fulfill his mother's wish to have her ashes scattered at sea.
This psychological drama follows a day in the life of Anders, a recovering drug addict who travels to his old stomping grounds of Oslo for a job interview. While there, he must confront his past as well as his plans for a new life.
In this animated series, hamburger restaurant owner Bob Belcher, his happy-go-lucky wife, Linda, and their three rambunctious kids try to outwit a rival eatery and overcome their own family dysfunction to get their greasy spoon off the ground.
A New York City pickpocket is forced to reexamine his choices when he crosses paths with a one-night stand who informs him she's having his baby. At the same time, he's trying to stay one step ahead of the detective whose badge he stole.
The Muscles from Brussels kicks his way back onto the big screen in this action-packed tale of a former mercenary who is lured back into the dangerous business of finding missing children when the daughter of a mixed martial arts champ is kidnapped.

In southwest France in the 1920s, two wealthy families are joined by an arranged marriage between the dull Bernard and the restless Thrse. Desperately bored and longing for meaning in her life, Thrse concocts a drastic solution to her problems.
Having honed his powers of deduction by observing his police officer dad, Shawn Spencer appears to possess a nearly supernatural gift for crime-solving -- so much so that the police begin employing his services as a psychic.
With the holidays around the corner and a dog orphanage in grave danger from an underhanded tycoon, determined teen Emma O'Connor and her best friend rally to restage their "12 Dogs of Christmas" benefit show. Can they raise the funds before Dec. 25?
During the last major German offensive of World War II, a group of Allied soldiers sets out against all odds to turn the war around. Their mission will take them deep into German territory to derail Nazi efforts in obtaining the ultimate superweapon.
To facilitate the assassination of a beautiful politician threatening to close down its environmentally unfriendly factories, a corporation arranges to have the target's security detail headed by the notoriously incompetent Det. Torrente.
In the fourth installment of the outrageous series, Torrente finds himself framed for murder and wrongly incarcerated. To escape, Torrente hatches a plan that involves a soccer match between the prison's guards and inmates.
Tosha Landry is a student of the Kama Sutra. One evening at a dinner party, Tosha introduces a game she created to complete her studies. The friends divide themselves, men against women, and play the game.
In this absorbing drama, a successful attorney rises up the ranks at his prestigious law firm. But he risks everything he's worked for when he falls in love with the wrong woman: his boss's wife.


Little kids ask big questions, and this show empowers them to find answers to everyday questions about the world around them. Each episode begins with a big question, which leads to more questions, testing ideas and finding a way to the answer.
Little kids ask big questions, and this show empowers them to find answers to everyday questions about the world around them. Each episode begins with a big question, which leads to more questions, testing ideas and finding a way to the answer.
Join Green Day frontman
Does size matter? It did to
To family and friends, the Vandelays -- husband Jacques and wife Marianne -- appear to be the perfect married couple. But as their career and personal ambitions grow, they begin to sacrifice their vows, putting their marriage at risk.
As the sibling owners of an organic fertilizer business find themselves running low on their product's magic ingredient -- human roadkill -- a solution presents itself in the form of three teens stranded on a remote stretch of road.

Young Samantha Walker has been tortured by nightmarish visions for years. With the help of Dr. Hoffman, she faces her unknown past by taking his advice and traveling to Germany. Having been adopted in the U.S. as a baby she decides to seek out the true roots of her ancestral past. Her journey leads to "Wallenhausen", a former German convent. Samantha's break-in to the convent at night becomes a fight for life and death as a masked monk starts the merciless killings of her companions one after another. Finally the secret of her past reveals itself and she has to face - the Sin Reaper.
In this faux-documentary thriller, the mystery surrounding 34 unidentified bodies found in the Siberian forest remains buried itself for 12 years. When a British TV crew journeys to the site to look for clues, they find more than they bargained for.

After an ill-fated weekend of gambling in Las Vegas, four friends on the run from a loan shark wind up stranded in the Nevada desert. But debt troubles may be the least of their worries when they discover something unearthly may be stalking them.


Princess Diana, the world's most-watched woman, struggles to find herself after her painful divorce. In the two years before her death, she embarks on a vital campaign to ban landmines and on a passionate love affair with heart surgeon Hasnat Khan.
In this chilling suspense thriller, a journalist is determined to unravel the mystery behind an outbreak of strange events -- events reminiscent of the Salem ergot poisonings -- in a small town.
Years have passed since a violent attack in Ireland left up-and-coming gay American writer
A collection of favorite Baby Genius characters gets young viewers singing along in this lively animated songfest featuring toe-tapping tunes such as "Apples and Bananas" and "I've Been Working on the Railroad."
As easy as 1-2-3, young viewers will learn about the wonderful world of numbers and counting while they step in tune to a marching band, practice cheerleading routines, visit a karate class and take a tour of a rowing club.
A host of catchy sing-a-long tunes accompany this diverting and educational trip to the zoo, where children visit baby gorillas, infant orangutans, tiger cubs and other adorable newborn critters.

When a mad president and a minister of cultural affairs plot to erase the stories of famous authors from history, a group of kids with special powers and their trusted dog are sent back in time on a mission to restore the beloved tales.
Zhong Wu Yan is sensible and compassionate, but she's agreed to marry a shallow man who treats her poorly because he can't see past her facial flaws. Despite coming to his rescue time and again, Wu Yan struggles to win her fianc's acceptance.





Indomitable



Five short films explore the struggles involved in coping with mental illness through the stories of a schizophrenic law student, a war veteran experiencing PTSD, a teenage girl whose mother is diagnosed with bipolar disorder and more.
Zhong Wu Yan is sensible and compassionate, but she's agreed to marry a shallow man who treats her poorly because he can't see past her facial flaws. Despite coming to his rescue time and again, Wu Yan struggles to win her fianc's acceptance.




While at summer camp, seven kids come across seven Digivices and are transported to a strange digital world. In this new world, they make friends with creatures called Digimon and help their new friends fight as a team against their enemies.




While at summer camp, Tai, Matt, Sora, Izzy, Mimi, Joe and T.K. come across seven Digivices and are transported to a strange digital world. They make friends with creatures who were born to defend their world from various evil forces.


Rude ex-cop Torrente, with the help of his sexy neighbor and a band of inept friends, takes on a drug operation running out of a Chinese restaurant.
From Britt Allcroft, creator of Thomas
Detective Jung-soo constantly comes face to face with victims of brutal, senseless murders, which makes him outraged. During one investigation, he meets Ji-hyun, a victim that survived a brutal attack. Eventually, she and Jung-soo are wed.
One day, Jung-soo's partner, So-young, arrives at the crime scene, where she finds Jung-soo crying out in sorrow. Jung-soo holds his wife and daughter in his arms after finding them both viciously murdered. As the police let a suspect loose on the because of a lack of evidence, he decides to take vengeance himself on those unpunished killers and the rest of the cruel world.
College pals Mitch and Elizabeth make a pact that if they are both single 10 years after graduation, they'll marry each other. A decade later, single Mitch embarks on a cross-country journey to Elizabeth's hometown to follow through on their deal.


[PLACEHOLDER] This is a placeholder synopsis. This is a placeholder synopsis. This is a placeholder synopsis. This is a placeholder synopsis. This is a placeholder synopsis. This is a placeholder synopsis. This is a placeholder synopsis.
While struggling to care for her younger brother, orphaned teen Bianca sets out to secure their future by seducing a blind neighbor who's reputedly worth a fortune. But she's ultimately unprepared for the effect he'll have on her life.
Veteran Police Detective Colin McLaren spent four years on the forensic cold case investigation of JFK's assassination. What he had, and other investigators did not, was modern technology and access to all the evidence, facts and eye-witness testimony.
After texting with someone she believed to be a teenage boy, 14-year-old Faith falls victim to an online predator who abducts her at knifepoint. Faith's family and the authorities frantically try to rescue her in this drama based on true events.
As commitment-phobic Jack prepares to propose to his longtime love, Camille, he's visited by Anna, an old one-night stand -- and their 7-year-old son. Suddenly faced with more responsibility than he can handle, slacker Jack must grow up in a hurry.
This Chinese comedy caper tracks the competition between two managers for control over their company, which has developed a miraculous new product. Their rivalry triggers a slapstick race to find the company chairman, who is on a retreat in Thailand.

The Frogs help Quigley improve the new letter machines in the Letter Factory. Along the way, they learn about adjectives, solving problems using the engineering process, and consonant blend sounds.
When a series of eerie murders erupts across Hong Kong, two cops are assigned to the case. Young maverick Wang is a reckless risk taker, and grizzled vet Huang is fed up with cleaning up the rookie's messes.

During the political unrest of 1987, ngela meets elderly journalist Miguel for an interview and ends up his captive, locked with him in his bathroom. Over the next 24 hours, they engage in verbal sparring that parallels the nation's upheaval.

An example at 24 frames per second. An example at 24 frames per second.An example at 24 frames per second.An example at 24 frames per second.
After she's caught speeding on the way to her new home in the Hamptons, Dr. Lisa Leland finds herself sentenced to community service in a small North Carolina town, where she gets a glimpse of a more meaningful life.
A man from rural South Carolina tries to find solace from the demons of his past by starting a Christian professional wrestling league. His goal is to use wrestling to evangelize his neighbors. However his passion and vision for his ministry are tested when his personal life begins to disintegrate.
Fatima, a committed schoolteacher living the cosmopolitan high life in Karachi, has her life shattered when her nanny, Nusrat, inexplicably disappears. Though her friends and family beg her not to disturb the status quo and confront the powerful feudals in Nusrat's village, Fatima travels there to investigate.
The Anonymous People is a feature documentary film about 23 million Americans living in long-term recover from addiction to alcohol and other drugs. Deeply entrenched social stigma and discrimination have kept recovery voices silent and faces hidden for decades...UNTIL NOW.  Just like women with breast cancer, or people with HIV/AIDS, courageous addiction recovery advocates have begun to step out of the shadows to fuel a passionate new public recovery movement that will transform public perception, and ultimately the response to the addiction crisis...FOREVER.
With his acting career failing to ignite, Jim Owens decides it's time to revisit his high school glory days and heads back for his 15-year reunion. With scores to settle and high jinks to be had, Jim fails to realize that others have moved on.
In this moving drama based on true events, angry teenager James Burns winds up in prison for running drugs and guns -- but his unlikely friendship with a convicted killer gives him an opportunity to change his life for the better.
As the sole woman to survive a werewolf bite, Elena Michaels is the only female werewolf in the world. But her attempts to stray from the pack are thwarted by a string of grisly murders in this TV drama series.
As the sole woman to survive a werewolf bite, Elena Michaels is the only female werewolf in the world. But her attempts to stray from the pack are thwarted by a string of grisly murders in this TV drama series.
What is the surprising profession actor Jason Biggs places "first and foremost" ahead of acting? Get the answer and watch his favorite scene.
Bobbleheads play a surprising role in the Sophia scene that actress Laverne Cox says proves her character is "a really badass chick."
What are the qualities of a perfect woman, according to Pornstache? Actor Pablo Schreiber reveals the answer in his favorite scene.
What's the secret that Daya and her illicit lover must conspire to hide for as long as they can? Actress Dascha Polanco picks her favorite scene.
Being trapped in a cage is no fun for Pennsatucky; the actress who plays her isn't crazy about it either. Taryn Manning reveals her favorite scene.
Why is Red the "most liberating role" that actress Kate Mulgrew has ever played? Get the answer and watch her favorite scene.
Crazy Eyes said it, and it quickly took on a life of its own. Actress Uzo Aduba talks about the line of dialogue that delighted television fans.
Taystee reveals some serious creative chops (and busts an impressive move or two) in actress Danielle Brooks' favorite scene.
The role of Nicky requires an actress who has endured pain, or as Natasha Lyonne puts it when picking her favorite scene, "done the research."
Go behind the scenes with the "Orange Is the New Black" cast as they reveal their favorite scenes. Here, Taylor Schilling talks about playing Piper, who gets an awkward introduction to prison politics.
Caught in a trap with no way out, Alex's situation had "everyone freaking out" during the filming of actress Laura Prepon's favorite scene.
The self-deluding Lorna gets a dose of hard truth and goes from high comedy to despair in the favorite scene of actress Yael Stone.
Big Boo's behavior is "completely unexpected" and something actress Lea DeLaria "could not wait to do on camera" in her favorite scene pick.
Toting his cameras to the backwoods of West Virginia, filmmaker
With her sister and two friends in tow, bride-to-be Claire heads off for her bachelorette party in Las Vegas, where she has a rowdier time than she anticipated when the women's drunken adventures take them into new and raunchy territory.

Based on G.P. Taylor's steam-punk tale, this Victorian-era thriller follows Mariah Mundi's journey into darkness to rescue his kidnapped brother. Joined by the enigmatic Captain Charity, Mariah travels to a grandly sinister hotel on a distant island.
In the 1970s, Miami became the hub of international drug-smuggling operations that adopted advanced technology to increase their profits. This expanded version of the documentary spotlights the scene's major players with over an hour of new footage.
Unable to deal with the brutal violence he sees through his camera lens, a Detroit crime scene photographer spirals into a dark fantasy world of vigilantism -- with chilling repercussions as his imaginings begin to seep into reality.
In
Dr. Hank Lawson, an unfairly maligned Manhattan physician, unexpectedly gets a career upgrade as a freelance doctor treating New York's aristocratic upper crust in their posh Hamptons homes.

Running toward God but away from his sexuality, Adam became a priest at age 21. Now the head of a rural parish, he's still tormented by desire. When Father Adam attempts to help troubled teen Lukasz, long-suppressed feelings begin to surface.

As World War II ends, Gen. MacArthur oversees Japan's surrender, an act that dispels the nation's centuries-old beliefs about its emperor. With the eyes of the world -- and history -- upon them, MacArthur and his protg will change Japan forever.
Luke, 25, is autistic and has lived a sheltered life with his grandparents. But his world is turned upside down when his grandmother dies and he is forced to live with his dysfunctional relatives who have no patience for him or his senile grandfather, who they quickly force into a nursing home. Luke is left with his grandfather's final semi-coherent words: "Get a job. Find a girl. Live your own life. Be a man!" For the first time in his life, Luke has a mission. He is about to embark on a quest.
Having grown up under the controlling grip of her fame-hungry mother, Janet Slate jumps at the opportunity to move into what looks to be a great high-rise apartment in downtown Detroit.  While the neighbors seem a bit strange and the building superintendent a lowlife, Janet unpacks her things and celebrates her new freedom, only to wake in the morning with a mean headache and strange bruises on her neck.  Determined not to return to her Mother's home, Janet stays in the apartment in spite numerous chilling encounters, until one night her boyfriend Mark finds her in the middle of the street, fallen from the balcony thirteen stories above.  
Deemed a suicide by investigators, Lara, Janet's older sister, knows better and is determined to reveal the truth behind her baby sister's death.  What Lara finds is far more frightening and unexplainable than she had fathomed possible.
This gastronomic documentary profiles three restaurants based in very different locales: Chicago; Tucson, Arizona; and Balltown, Iowa. Whether humble or elegant, all three establishments retain a laser-sharp focus on keeping the customers happy.
To free his sister from a labor camp, 19-year-old Myung-hoon takes on a spying mission for North Korean authorities, posing as a defector. But while living a secret life in South Korea, Myung-hoon becomes a target of his own government.
"Family Guy" creator
Feeling lucky when a satchel full of greenbacks lands in their lap, a cash-strapped Chicago couple discovers that their big bonanza has a hefty price attached when a nasty criminal shows up looking for his jailed brother's lost money.
Set in Tokyo, this meditative drama focuses on an encounter between two strangers: a sociology student moonlighting as a call girl and a retired college professor -- who soon form a bond beyond their first meeting.
Human perception of time is the elusive topic of this feature-length documentary that explores its subject as real and conceptual, while advancing the idea that the clock may not be the only way to perceive, gauge and experience time.
When Reggie and Jake -- two adversarial turkeys -- find a time machine, they take an adventure-laden trip back to the past to try to change history. First order of business: taking turkey off the traditional Thanksgiving menu.
In this gay murder thriller, young Franck notices the middle-aged Henri sitting on a beach by himself and starts a conversation. Their dialogue continues over several days, in between Franck's repeated trysts with a seductive killer named Michel.
Inspired by the iconic 1932 snapshot of 11 unnamed workers eating lunch atop a steel girder during Rockefeller Center's construction, documentarian
From small towns in the South to remote areas of the Pacific Northwest and Alaska, four eccentric but passionate sasquatch enthusiasts embark on one single-minded mission: to find the elusive creature known as Bigfoot.
Innovative director

The story of Argentinian superstar
Once the leader of the Black Tigers, a special-forces group in the Vietnam War, John Booker is now a racecar-driving history teacher. Thanks to a reporter, John learns the surviving Tigers are being murdered one by one -- and that he may be next.
Supersize Me director and star
In this live stand-up performance filmed at Chicago's historic Vic Theatre, comedian
Supersize Me director and star
Flashing the wild stand-up comedy that made him a household name,
With competition as fierce as that of any sport, debate teams are a way for high school students to develop techniques of persuasion and reason. They're also, according to this searing documentary by
Supersize Me director and star
As Freddy Krueger is reborn for a new generation, it's time to return to where it all began. Join star
Supersize Me director and star






























8:46 follows an variety of characters and storylines in the days leading up to the attacks on the United States on the morning of September 11, 2001. The film serves as a reminder that each of those who lost their lives had a story worth telling.

A 10-year-old girl from Barcelona encounters a young bushman who inspires her to learn more about Africa in this fantasy adventure. Young Jana discovers the beauty of the Namib Desert while learning about the remarkable creatures that inhabit it.
A massacre has just occurred in the desert outside of Los Angeles. With no other evidence, two detectives must analyze the found footage collected from the victims' personal electronic devices to piece together the identity of the killer.
Following her dad's murder, 17-year-old Davey goes to stay with relatives in New Mexico, while her mother tries to come to terms with her grief. While hiking a local canyon, Davey meets a young man who's destined to change her view of life.
This fascinating and controversial film goes underneath the surface to explore the prejudices dark-skinned women face throughout the world. It explores the roots of classism, racism and the lack of self-esteem within a segment of cultures.
Veteran sports documentarian
A widowed professor living alone in Paris sees no meaningful future for himself until he meets a free-spirited young dance instructor. From their first meeting, each instinctively provides what the other so desperately needs: someone to call family.

A cross-generational story of how the gold star children of Vietnam are mentoring the gold star children from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.



Featuring an impressive international cast that includes
When her gruff demeanor costs her yet another nanny position, desperate Guinevere Pettigrew lands a job as the assistant of an aspiring American actress and soon gets swept up in a dizzying world of glamour and high society.

In this fact-based thriller starring

This sequel returns much of the cast from the Star Trek feature released in 2009, breathing new life into the seemingly ageless space franchise. Led by the intrepid Captain Kirk, the Enterprise crew still includes Scotty, Spock and Chekov as well.
Olivia Pope leads a team of Washington, D.C., lawyers who specialize in making scandals disappear. As they secretly handle crises at the highest levels of government, the dysfunctional team must also cope with problems closer to home.
This Australian outback thriller brings together the classic film noir ingredients when a man's cross-country drive is diverted by car trouble. Soon after, he witnesses a spectacular car crash that includes one survivor and a money-stuffed suitcase.
Hard times are forcing Alpha House, the most notorious party fraternity on campus, to either share their residence with a sorority or be shut down. But these guys aren't about to give up their reign as party kings, and an all-out war soon erupts.
Three thieves flee a bank robbery with a bag of money drenched in blood, chased by not only the cops but rival gangs who are on to the heist. The getaway becomes a race to survive as the trio make their way across East L.A.
When the top female snowboarder in Summit Valley gets dropped from her team for a lapse in judgment, she must join forces with a disgraced former champion and together they learn to overcome self-doubt while achieving their dreams.
Below the streets of New York is a dark world hidden in the shadows of abandoned subway tunnels. When a young documentary filmmaker goes to uncover the unseen stories, she finds a mysterious figure, living beyond the reach of the law.
Ghosts of a murdered family are said to haunt the abandoned Jarvis Mine, so it's the perfect place for five school friends to spend Halloween. The scares are of their own making until they become trapped, and the mine reveals its horrifying secrets.
A wealthy industrialist and frustrated singer attempts to add richness to his life by staging an opera inside his lavish country home. As part of the project, he recruits a beautiful female conductor he's had his eye on.
Struggling writer Paul and his girlfriend move into a house that is known for being haunted so he can write his first novel about his experiences with the paranormal. What starts out as a fun and exciting adventure soon takes a very dangerous turn.
Nearly two decades after the last original "Calvin and Hobbes" was published, this documentary examines the comic strip's enduring legacy. Fans and cartoonists such as Berke Breathed of "Bloom County" discuss the strip's impact and timeless appeal.

Disillusioned lawyer Bobby seeks to shake off a bad day at the Foxes Den, an old-school lounge, and immediately feels at home. He soon quits his job and starts singing nightly at the Den, whose welcoming clientele happen to need some legal advice.
Stranger Sam Doonby's arrival affects everyone in a little Texas town, especially as he seems to have a knack for preventing disasters. But is the charismatic Sam really the man he seems to be, and why does he arouse suspicion among the locals?
A group of artists leave their daily lives behind to hike California's John Muir Trail, the 219-mile stretch from Yosemite to Mount Whitney. Their goal: complete the journey in 25 days while capturing amazing sights and sounds along the way.
Craig's hopes for an idyllic hunting trip with his buddies are dashed after hearing that his fianc and best man-to-be have been cavorting behind his back. To make matters worse, a rapidly spreading Chupacabra virus is turning locals into the undead.
A Japanese death cult called the Temple of Hades is ordered to aid in the spiritual destruction of China. Their method: abduct their enemies' children and train them as killers for the emperor.
The Hidden Hand is a controversial EBE Award winning documentary that explores the possibility of an extraterrestrial presence here on Earth. The film takes a keen look at a range of topics like alien abduction, human/alien hybridization, the military's reverse-engineering of alien technology and the government cover-up of anything related to extraterrestrials. Is preoccupation with the extraterrestrial a form of cultural madness or is something really going on? How would E.T. contact change the religious and political institutions of our society? The shadowy world of UFOs is suddenly brought to light.


Explore the grave issue of maternal mortality through this documentary, which profiles several pregnant women from around the world whose lack of access to basic health care and nutrition places them and their unborn children in unnecessary danger.
Filmmaker

The third film in
Determined to disprove the common belief that he brings bad luck to everyone around him, outcast Laotian boy Ahlo builds a giant rocket with the intention of participating in the lucrative but dangerous competition at a rocket festival.
This documentary examines the making of
Infamous cousins Micky and Ray run London's top firm. In times of need they only trust each other and a man named Trenchard. But their supremacy in the capital's gangster underworld is threatened when they lose a drug shipment belonging to the Russian Mafia.
A journey into the world of health-care reveals that our medical system fails due to an emphasis on the treatment of disease instead of prevention. Dr.
This drama details the true story of Jean-Marie Lustiger, the son of Polish-Jewish immigrants, who became a leader in the Catholic Church. Amid controversy, Lustiger doesn't waver from his Jewish identity, even as he is ordained Archbishop of Paris.


In this intense and unpredictable thriller, a vigilante cop joins forces with the father of a murder victim to interrogate the main suspect in a series of brutal child homicides -- and to mete out their own version of justice.
Seen through the prism of three spirited septuagenarians, this comic slice-of-life follows the cantankerous trio as they face the daunting prospect of getting old, with each tackling a unique set of challenges.
An imaginative teenage girl, living in a mystical and dangerous community built on a deserted drive-in movie lot along the Texas-Oklahoma border, struggles to realize her potential and escape the world she was born into.
The film centers around a small-town that encounters their first armed bank robbery at the exact moment a mysterious stranger appears. With no ID and a combative attitude, the local police struggle to tie the crime to their uncooperative suspect, but the truth is far more complicated.


Secret Service agent Jeremy Reins awakens in the trunk of a car driven by terrorists who are hunting for the president's secret bunker. For Reins, escaping means more than just his own survival: The nation's future hangs in the balance.
On the eve of going to London to assume a new post, a diplomatic consul passes out at her farewell party and wakes up to find she's been rescued by a mariachi singer whose visa application she denied. But the rejection has slipped her mind.
When 14-year old genius outcast Eli Pettifog is rejected from Harvard, he ends up at Ivy League wannabe Whittman College, where he meets 41-year-old freshman Leo Searly, a gambler whose world has imploded.
This documentary explores the ups and downs of the
Summoned by a longtime friend, a middle-aged woman returns to Bosnia with her teenage son, who was conceived amid the tumult of the 1990s Balkan wars. But the visit soon sparks a torrent of memories that force her to confront painful truths.
Based on the Walt Longmire mystery novels by Craig Johnson, this contemporary crime thriller focuses on a Wyoming sheriff who's rebuilding his life and career following the death of his wife.

This documentary details the economic, political and ecological consequences of a dwindling world honeybee population. It's a phenomenon with a name -- Colony Collapse Disorder -- but no explanation or solution exists.
After a drunken one-night stand, uptight Fred spends the day with offbeat Mindy to ensure she takes both doses of the morning-after pill -- and finds himself pulled into a whirl of wacky and awkward adventures in this delightful comedy.
In the very waters where Melville's Pequod gave chase to Moby-Dick, this haunting documentary -- shot on a dozen cameras and presented with no spoken commentary -- captures the collaborative clash of man, nature and machine.
When Anne arrives in Vienna to visit an ailing relative, she takes refuge in the Kunsthistorisches Museum and befriends Johann, a guard. Director


When her son Barbu kills a child with his car, wealthy Romanian Cornelia hopes that spreading money around will make Barbu's problem go away. But bribing the witnesses and even the dead boy's parents won't repair her fractured family.

In 1986,
Struggling to support her family after her husband, Conor, is fundamentally changed by a stroke, Vanetia accepts a grant from a brain researcher named Ted. As Ted studies Conor, he and Vanetia form an unexpected bond.
Featuring groundbreaking footage from seven winters in the Arctic, People of a Feather takes you through time into the world of Inuit on the Belcher Islands in Hudson Bay connecting past present and future.
For Billy, photographic fantasy and real-life lust have always blurred, which proves dangerous when one of his models ends up dead. Even if he's cleared of the murder, Billy must face the wreckage in his life that this wake-up call has revealed.


This inspiring documentary profiles both legendary humanitarian





Winner of four Oscars -- including Best Picture and Best Actress -- director
On the verge of tying the knot, a young advertising executive puts his plans on hold when he spots his long-lost love -- who disappeared without explanation. Pretending to leave on a business trip, he instead pursues a trail of clues to find her.
Based on author Janell Cannon's award-winning children's book, this heartwarming animated feature stars a darling baby fruit bat named Stellaluna who's adopted by a mama bird after being separated from her own mother. She tries to be a good bird like her new feathered siblings, Pip, Flap, and Flitter, but the poor bat can't help but feel out of place. As she struggles to fit in, Stellaluna learns valuable lessons that will carry her far in life.
Using his home video camera, Lt.
Reeling from a cancer diagnosis, Lanqiu inadvertently slights a fellow subway passenger, an act that's caught on another rider's camera phone. Facing her illness and overnight national notoriety, Lanqiu will discover that fate cuts both ways.
Heartwarming moments of thoughtfulness, romance and friendship are interspersed with backstabbing, scheming, sabotage and broken alliances in this animated spoof of reality show competitions -- and it's all scripted for maximum laughs!
Recapping Season 1, which finds newly arrived convict Piper Chapman totally out of place in a tough women's prison.



Spend an evening with gleeful, oh-so-awkward

Stoner stand-up comedian Doug Benson teams up with clean-living comic Graham Elwood in this look at life on the road for the comic odd couple.


